Russia Turns On Trump, Blames Him For Relations That Are "Worse Than The Cold War"  #Economy

You say you hate me but you stalk my page, you fucking hypocrite.   ‍

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

You otter take a tour with us on northern #VancouverIsland. Wildlife and photography tours just for you… 

Don't tweet about Donald Trump fucking your life up if you don't even know where Syria is on a map

'Look At This Fucking Asshole' 

This is fucking disgusting how can some people do shit like this 

 #tennis #AustralianOpen [ and Nadal have met twice this year, with Federer winni…

Having a Bet on today's #Football then why not use a #FreeBet  #horseracing #horsetip 

I am so fucking spoiled. Bae booked a trip to the Four Seasons Wailea for me.

Team led by PO3 Alona A Oronan,conducted beat/foot patrol Poblacion area to prevent crimes and any form of illegal ac… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid pics from the Alubarna Palace Baths!  #TreCru 

Pathetic, I hope the law student sues the hell out of them for discrimination. 

Model Ashley Smith and Nylo Bring Music and Fashion Together Again with RVCA for Fall 2014  #Fashion ?

Yall Check Out My Music   Let Me Know If You Fucking With It!

Finished watching #ScarletHeartRyeo such a #bittersweet ending. Loved it but also hate it because they didn't end up together  why??!!

Help others identify life's opportunities and find their own solutions. Become a Solution Focused #Hypnotherapist. 

This gives me hope the U.S. can still fight climate change despite our ignorant President and his science-denying fol… 

"As spirits roam the neighborhoods at night, Let loose upon the Earth till it be light..." - Nicholas Gordon #quote #motivation #quotes #fo…

... For example, in reference to myself? I'm fine with Latina. In reference to someone else I don't know? Latinx is just more polite, imo.

888-Man Utd V Everton 6/1 Man Utd to win or 20/1 Everton to win New customers TandC's apply  

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

I am glad that we have scarred each other to the point of never forgetting, to the point of hating and learning to love all over.

Why does no one like the bring it on with the girls in east LA that might be my favorite bring it on

Update: LDS Church President Monson remains hospitalized Wednesday afternoon "LDS Church President Thomas S.... 

Dude my thesis class is on transhumanism and I'm so fucking stoked.

Why bring in Layne when they you have two long relievers in Warren and Mitchell? #Yankees #OpeningDay2017 #BabyBombers #blowout

when you tell your parents about someone you don't like and they stick up for your them??? put me up for adoption then fucking cunts

A shot from Carrington takes a deflection off Dymond, but only hits the side netting of the Bromley goal with the keeper stranded...

Monastery Chapel Schedule Change: No Compline (Tuesday, April 4, 2017); No Morning Prayer or Compline (Wednesday, April 5, 2017).

Honey finds and applies coupon codes at checkout FOR YOU so you can get back to wasting time on Twitter ;) 

Tax raised for all betting Co, lotteries etc to 50%, and funds will be used in developing arts and sports centers... 

The ABC is cutting jobs, remember?. ABCNews24 is now just ABC News. It's time to kiss u know what for funding for t… 

Juicy J, Wiz Khalifa, TM88 feat. Project Pat - Breaking News now playing on  1207-458-7690 #1OnBLAST #hsr

#3: Hashimoto's Protocol: A 90-Day Plan for Reversing Thyroid Symptoms and Getting Your Life Back… 

Big Brother Naija: what I’ll do to Kemen if I see him after the show – T-boss [VIDEO]  

Everything makes Bexs sick. Bulimic skank #eastenders

Albany State University Athletics- Golden Rams sweep Clark Atlanta to win weekend series 

Too many marketers get stuck in “analysis paralysis.” Learn tips on how to deal better with big data:… 

You know home maintenance is necessary, but do you have a routine to help make chore...  

Do you like olives? — i know a girl who's nickname is olive and i don't like her   

Expandable Bangle in White Tone Brass with Enamel Beach Chair Charm Symbol..  

When you come home from running errands to THIS surprise...guess they WEREN'T 2 male guinea pigs… 

This nigga really ugly asf     

They don't care if you're smart, doing the right thing, or even that good looking, as long as you're entertaining.

Washington Capitals clinch Presidents' Trophy with NHL's best regular season record for second straight year 

Hey guys brand new single coming out soon                Titled Undercover lover By Sycorah… 

We know from prior research that companies that reallocate resources typically outperform companies with more static…

Can y'all stop putn lil 3-4 months old babies in them lil dumb ass umbrella strollers    yall erks me  

I used to HATE my arms .... I would cover them up all the time. Now...I love wearing tank tops! Instead of... 

Nazi Hillary!! Nazi Hillary!! Nazi Hillary!! Fuck off!! ＃ArrestHillaryCampaign

AFTER A MUST NEEDED RECOVER...IT'S TIME FOR REALLY REALLY.... #위너_4일4시_음원공개 #REALLYREALLY 

My boss is a fucking savage 

Pop in your name and birthday and see for yourself ( 2017), you need for the most successful year EVER!… 

I also ran Bubba J's comedy club in Boksburg Soweto Marathon. For my son to grow up so i can tell him miracles i did with R10 in my pocket  

#rhoa Can Kandi have A storyline that does not involve Phaedra or porsha? Seriously, is that possible at all or you have no say? Boss

I already have Master Exit and Master Phoenix so thats why its 20 Magic and 15 Summon, not 21 and 16 respectively

There's been new money allocated in the federal budget. We'll find out more soon. Is it not enough? GET LOUD and HASSLE YOUR MP.

The Concourse Look At This Fucking Asshole | Jezebel How ModCloth Strayed From Its Feminist Beginnin 

#alt mac #albacete #bignatural downey #irving fucked 

Arsenal Boss, Arsene Wenger Fires Back At Alexis Sanches Chelsea Talk… What An…  

Turned on my fan the exact same time a bus was going down the road and I thought my fan was about to explode

Congratulations to Tenazhia Hinkson on being named an MACJC All-Star! #ProudPack 

Teddiursa IV:80.0%(12/15/9) Move Set: Lick/Cross Chop Available until 21:06:53 (27m 57s). 

This dude said his homeboy has to pay 2000 in CS. I fucking wish

Are you considering Chapter 7 #bankruptcy? Learn about the pros and cons here.  

UK AUS USA EURO to Italy Grounded Universal Travel Adapter AC Power Plug New  

Practiced in a fuckin hailstorm today yo ive never been so cold

Navy instructor pilots refusing to fly over safety concerns; Pence's son affected - Fox News 

20170331: AFN: Survey released on National Aboriginal Languages Day shows Cdns support revitalizing Indigenous lang… 

I hate er chase because if the Bitch that works there she's literally evil

#MLB Wire: Marlins honor Fernandez with No. 16 patch  

Prince William Parties At Exclusive Ski Resort Verbier With Hot Model Sophie Taylor And Kate Stays Home With The Kid 

#RodStewart #Singer ROD STEWART - BLONDES HAVE MORE FUN - 1978 - VINYL LP - WARNER BROTHERS  

To spot suicidal veterans, VA turns to predictive analytics tool  #PutData2Work

Interment of John Glenn at Arlington National Cemetery via NASA  #space! 

Made my way to jester for the first time in forever which one of y'all lovely freshman gone lemme hold a swipe or two???

Starnes on Trump: Most Incredibly 'Deplorable' Speech in Presidential History | Fox N…  ➜… 

ISA 2017: Can I move my ISA money into a different ISA account?  

Communication with family members and friends may seem constra... More for Libra 

From chaotic to bizarre: Ukraine said 'no' to EBU_HQ 's demand to let Julia in #Eurovision but they're filming her… 

Yes but people barely so because I'm a weeb piece of fuckin noodles u got an issue with that huh and also holland and burgerland

A. He's better. That's the biggest reason. B. Floor is more spread C. More possessions due to pace D. Much higher u… 

Good evening #StHelena! Sun will set in 30 minutes (local time 18:23) #Sunset #Photo #Photography [02.04.2017]

Temp: 59.4F W C: 57.7F Wind:N at 8.2kts Baro: 1015.1mb and Rising quickly Rain today: 0.13in R H: 54% #wvwx

Rick James fucking hated Prince (who I have pledged all of my allegiance to) but it doesn't keep me from appreciating James' eccentricities.

Some of our lovely students are reharsing this week ready for their performance of 'Not In Our Name' this... 

Regulation of Small RNAs and Corresponding Targets in Nod Factor-Induced Phaseolus vulgaris Root Hair…  #IntJMolSci

Not all lawyers are dysfunctional but let me tell ya, the Law Society of Upper Canada is run by some pretty dysfunctional investigators.

Ray Rice coaching at Bosco is fire can't lie...plus there shouldn't be many women or elevators there       

I never planned on having sex after prom bc my date was never somebody that i talked to   

I tried to make a sassy tweet about girls being in my bf's dms but he deleted it so here's another one

I kinda felt bad for saying this considering it is a Taehyun solo but I don't make the rules 

A gay WOC companion!     (although Captain Jack was openly bi so technically she isn't the first queer companion) t… 

Who woke the fucking savage? 

How Managers Can Get Results Without Losing Their Soul  

It must be getting chilly in Hell because I find myself agreeing with the Fascist Times. It's a scandal that parent… 

My loyalty you don't have to question , I just need for one person to see that I'm worth his time      .

#arab fucking sex photo mobile sarah roemer nude 

i love watching straight people try to talk about their lgbtq characters, and by love i mean despise with a bone-deep weariness

MY SCHOOLMATE IS SELLING A KATY PERRY PERFUME OMGGG BUT IDK IF IT IS ORIG OR NOT BUT YEAAAHHH ITS CHEAP AF!!!

Will soccer 2   55738b84e5d0872ff9a49fabf095add5 1490989444.04

Really interesting read on the value of communications in the testing and continues delivery cycle by Amido 

Please RT #interiordesign #decoration #architecture #home The Lastest Shop Pics 

Support strike vs Charter/Spectrum monopoly! Local Union No.3 IBEW ON STRIKE AGAINST Charter Communications/Spectrum 

what if they have vehicle entrances for everyone and taker rides to the ring in a fucking hearse

5 Color Natural Smoky Eyeshadow Glitter Shimmer Palette Warm Eye Shadow Beauty A  

Award nominated warm, colourful #TVPresenter. I get people to talk and have great conversations - from politics to re… 

All across the world #Anonymous members are playing a game called: fuck with the authorities 

my wordgirl self insert is fuckign.... no brains.... 'cause im stupid as fuck

Miss Manners: You can safely pick up someone’s mail if it is underfoot Reader nearly steps on letters underfoot in… 

How do I apply to be an #nhl ref? This #CapsJackets game shows that I don't need to understand much or even make decisions, just want a form

500W Electric Motorized Treadmill Machine Folding Portable Running Gym Fitness  

New..Gabriel Conte video you guys should watch it.it's beautiful. 

#NowPlaying: Gareth Emery feat. Wayward Daughter - Reckless (Original Mix)  #EDM

Anti-Social powers are trying to frame innocent Asaram Bapu Ji by POCSO Misuse! #RemoveUnfairPOCSOlaw ASAP!

Andddd... my new found friend from the concert, thought i looked younger than her. We are just a year apart! haha!

"One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks." -Jack Penn 

Why y'all be so worried about who people fucking if you ain't the one fucking em   how that make any type of sense mind ya business

*wheezes* my prof is saying don't sleep in class and don't check other sites during class. But like,,,

#BBNaija: Watch Former Housemate #Uriel Reveal The Reason Why She Loves Dating Younger Men (VIDEO)… 

HUGE £30 #FreeBet Offer (1) Join #WilliamHill (2) Bet £10 (3) Use Code C30 (4) Get £30 FREE Claim >… 

ISIS Calls Trump 'Fool' in First Message Addressing New President  

 Shopify’s Burst is a new free stock photography resource: Sometimes… 

Tiener hottie Mandy Hoore is getting fucked door een oudere kerel 

Tweet Tweet! Putting Some Sunshine On A Twitter Takeover - Paulick Report  #twitter #news

"Why should I fear the dark, when the masks people wear in the sun are far more terrifying." ~ David Wise 

Congress Removes FCC Privacy Protections on Your Internet Usage - Schneier on Security 

When Someone close to you is struggling or has no place to go, Be Humble, Give them a Place to Stay and help them out They can't repay you

I think you need some fucking teeth buddy 

France Presidential Race: ‘Universal Income’ to boost Hamon’s flagging campaign?  

Does video feedback improve teaching?  #edtech #steam 

East Tucson: Chansey  57.8% (15/6/5 - Pound/Hyper Beam/normal til 17:08:11(28m 33s). 

MobilePunch: Political leaders who cannot provide security are failures – Cardinal Okogie 

I FUCKING TRIED TO LEAVE THIS FANDOM FOR FUCKING 2 YEARS IM ON HIATUS AND EVEN MISSED EXOLUXIONINMALAYSIA #5YearswithEXO

Well I Been Just Was Fucking With Someone Guess I Aint Nomore

Puerto Rico Governor promises minimum wage increase in State of the Territory address 

Considering a metal roof? Here's some great info on the pros and cons. #HereToHelp  

7 Ways Technology Is Impacting Modern Education  #edtech #steam 

THIS MAKES ME SO FUCKING SUICIDAL 

13elieveSG: [HQ PIC] 170405 toxxnim Instagram Update - A selca with our Heenim~ Look at his adorable eyes! >< 

Colour is everywhere. So when it comes to deciding what you like and settling on what works for… 

Somebody needs to apologize to Jim Webb.If anyone ever earned the right to b wrong,it’s him he may have been right. 

You are trying a new approach to doing your chores today. You ... More for Leo 

Raw Berry Tart   Super simple and quick to make with just a few ingredients. The crust is a… 

Public Procurement Regulatory Authority Jobs 04 Apr 2017  

Heyyy it's Friyay , and MHW hopes you all enjoyed your dose of inspiration this week ! Also, if you didn't catch... 

The Lappy 486 weighs in at an extremely portable forty-two pounds and features an impressive battery life of one half of ten minutes.

Thembang fortified village #unescoworldheritagesite #monpatribe #dirkhipaclan #populationjust250… 

seriously walking distance lang lahat kame pero it takes us a couple of minutes to actually gather??

#girl nude picture fucking couple 

FIELD EXTENSION ASSISTANT opportunity at Farm Solutions Africa- In Puts,consultancy, Agrirecruiters and Advisory... 

Thermaltake Core P7 Tempered Glass : 299 euros pour la vitrine ultime... #informatique :  

performing in his home country is a thing he can be proud of - and that's why he got emotional… 

Imagine being a head of state from another country, showing up here and promptly being taken to fucking florida of all places

Berryhill hit three-run homer off Jack Morris that was decisive in Game 1 of the 1992 World Series against Toronto. 

virgin college jocks get fucked 

She just mad cause her pussy stay on DRY  

PSA: THE ONE THING YOU DON'T TALK ABOUT IS SOMEONES MONEY SITUATION,IT'S NO ONES BUSINESS BUT THEIR OWN . OK ?OK.

Coach 61453 STAR Signature PVC I.D. Case Card Badge Holder GOLD Metallic Lanyard  

Trump:"I think we’ve had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of the presidency,” who has been in office for only 11 weeks.

New post: Multiplying and dividing fractions  #year6 #education #year6 #education

I learned that the only way you are going to get anywhere in life is to work hard at it. -Bruce Jenner

  SALE!!! All Large pieces of Amethyst 30% OFF!!! Today, Monday 4/3/17!!!     Amethyst - stone… 

#TwitterMoments #v:Break out the sour straws: #TheMindyProject will end after six seasons. 

Naw that was my point was a shot at curry or anything just saying in general I think he disrespected dudes forget… 

I hate Facebook sooo much. With every fiber in my being. On Facebook I become petty and nosy and I just don't like it.

#Residential Price: $329500. Address: 970 KEATON PKWY, Ocoee, Florida 34761 1st floor multi-story... - 

You were built- er, or born, to do some amazing things. Even if it doesn't feel like it most of the time.. I'm sure others can agree.

<The Lesbian's Chronicle: Cheat Days Ch. 05 Daring - her fingers worked my clit 

RARE RUGBY LEAGUE REVIEW 19.07.1951 VOL 5 NO 143 - AUSTRALIA, HUDDERSFIELD ETC  

" go play captain save a hoe "   my bff stupid asf

Please sign and share. Thank you Save the Ganges River Dolphin from Extinction 

The Olympic Gold Medalist Working to End Drowning  Happening Now #PresidentElectTrump #MAGA #privacy

You're not necessarily the most vocal one in your group, but y... More for Virgo 

#Photography | flow – and a piece of driftwood | #PhotoOfTheDay #Travel #Photo 

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

"Fast Friends. 4 young trees playing in the breeze. Let's play tag! Who will be 'it' first? You… 

Portland free rides! Claim the 20 dollar promo from Lyft w- the 50MILLION coupon code. Tops uber. Tasty promo.… 

My mom just told me that she is having a bday party for my dog Riley. She's inviting Jared's dog to celebrate. Cake and hats are provided  

Website is under construction but published. Updates to the website will be posted here. Lots to come once we get clear night.

The season is almost upon us and that means it's time for the #NatwestCricketForce working party weekend! See you down at the ground on Sat!

That #BookOfHenry trailer is all over the fucking place. Like, what the hell?

Couple observations here for #Athletics 1) Shooty in the booth game 2? Get out! 2) Stephen Vogt and Jed Lowrie need new walk up music, c'mon!

From the beginning, North Sails embraced a scientific approach to making sails and followed a path of increased... 

FY16: ICJIA staff processed 254 individual #grants under 15 federal and state programs $32.8M in disbursements #twill 

Being a Feminist is abt havin a choice,u either have a choice or u don't. and if u don't then u need feminism #feminism #feminist #fullcircle

via #gknmission Who Is Brie Larson? 5 Things You Need to Know About the Rising Star 

Growls in annoyance. "That fucking bitch just woke me up!" But who was he speaking about?

#STOCKHOLM: Latest photo of truck attack that has reportedly killed 3 people.  

I hate when I give a bitch my # and she say here #....... you text me   ‍  ‍  ‍ Bitch    

Photos: Kenyan man chops off his penis and throws it to dog, says it was of no use to him  

I love vld I really do,I love the story,show,cast,creators cause it gave me back something I lost.So I will keep watching/supporting -

Mood     oil on canvas 100x100cm (39.4x39.4 inches)  #mrartpride #girl… 

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

Archbishop of Moscow Condemns ‘Curse of Terrorism’ After St. Petersburg Attack 

Small piece of internet history was drawn!  Context w.  “most admirable result of r/place […] is what didn't appear.”

Massage In Malviya Nagar, South Delhi - Contact Mob No: 9971655238 and Visit Our Website: 

Gillis' grandma called just to ask if we have enough room for all the stuff we got for little man yesterday   

WHERE THE HELL R THEY HI I JUST WOKE UP FROM W FUCKING SLUMBER #727TourMalaysia #727TourMY

Do I look like I'm made of money? Bc I'm fucking not.

my max is two fucking paragraphs 

ASAHD is out here shining, wearing my college tuition and can't even crawl yet lol 

  THIS IS DISGUSTING   slut and skinny shaming is just as bad as fat shaming. remember that before you call yourse… 

Political Risk Analysis: What Should Investors Know About Guyana's Oil Industry? 

I can come..... fck nooooo!!!!!!!!!!!! I could..... fck noooooo!!!!! Can you... fckkk to da noooo!!!!

well . yk the truth hurt .. everybody get played . everybody f* around . hate to say it . but yk i had to do it first .  ‍

Manchester United should line up with back three to improve attack  #ManUtd #MUFC

Our relationship Like flowers, it bloomed Like flowers, it died   

Shoutout to whoever invented Meow Madness....kittens playing basketball is way better than humans playing basketball

HAPPY FRIDAY to all my Fashionistas       #shoporboutique #orangeroomboutique #tgifriday… 

Stolen Antiquities Returned from Munich Arrive at National Archaeological Museum in Athens  

Doctor: how would you describe your sleep schedule? Me: AM TO THE PM PM TO THE AM FUNK Doc: PISS OUT UR PER DIEM YOU JUST GOTTA HATE EM FU

The first loquats or nespole or nefles or أكي دنيا of the season! Dinner at susiepollen 

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

Men date young girls and complain that they have nothing to talk about. Women date bad boys, and complain about their behaviours. 1/2

I think I fucking died.      

THE MATRIX TRILOGY #DVDs RELOADED REVOLUTIONS 5 DISCs ACTION MOVIE #KeanuReeves  #Buzz #News 

Apple iPad mini 1st Generation - 16GB - New Condition  

Tonight on ET, we break down the best and biggest moments from the ACM Awards! Don’t miss #ETnow! #KXLY 

Now that #Alcoblow has been trashed, we can now look forward to blowing on things that actually give us results.  

The south basin of Lake Winnipeg is done!!! We were starting to get Quads and rangers stuck today and thought... 

Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #NorthAttleborough, MA? #hiring #career 

Make jure your site is keeping users on their preferred version of your website for:their entire visit. (Google Webmasters)

R/T SCmagazineUK: UK and US warn airports and nuclear facilities could be targets of cyber-attacks 

Leslie Dierks Book Creating with Polymer Clay Art Technique  

#Sport - Everton midfielder names Liverpool FC star his 'enemy', Everton midfielder Idrissa Gueye will put his fr... 

Unexpectedly saw my name on a slide in a 40 person meeting. So I guess you could say I've graduated from New Hire to Unaware Employee. #fb

14 discounted games that will get you ready for the big PlayStation exclusives of 2017 and beyond  #N4G

Harry Styles Reveals Special Gift From Adele for His 21st Birthday.. Related Articles: 

Coughs. "'String cheese', actually. But you try /so hard./ 'S cute." Flops onto the mattress. 

I'm always wondering how does it feel being a catfish tho. I dunno I cant relate 

so i drew my child aka the girl from umiyuri kaiteitan o h and Spongebob and Patrick bc the song is about a "(de… 

“Do what you love, love what you do and always remember...you're never fully dressed without a smile.” GARY RYAN BLAIR

Chippie's banana chips >>>>> everything else. End of. St. Mary's banana chips are nasty and you can still taste the oil

Watching this annoying ass man makes me want to never eat another pizza...... #my600lblife tlc

LOOK AT THIS DISRESPECTFUL LIL SHIT THEY JUST WANT ME TO FUCKING CHOKE DON'T THEY 

You're known for your resilience, and you're apt to put it to ... More for Capricorn 

I hate when recipes pop up on my timeline, I'm fucking starving and that does not help

I was all over the fucking place because the toaster had tits

Fucked up Fucked up Fucked up Who? Fucked up Fucked up Fucked up You!

hey wanna know what it's like running head first into traffic??? get someone to tell u ur anxiety is an excuse to just be a bitch 24/7

Somebody's looking like they're going to be a bigger problem for offenses this year. 

Marchers arrive with faces covered in joint Britain First-EDL protest in #London...  

One guy was hoping Trump kicks out all Mexicans and builds the wall when he himself is Hispanic. People hurt my brain.

Preparing for the Future of Talent Acquisition - SPONSOR CONTENT FROM KORN FERRY  

Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by idiots

Cena proposes, Gronk steals the show at WrestleMania (Apr 3, 2017) -   #vrai777  $v ℅ #web 

Lululemon shares plummet after disappointing sales forecast - KFGO KFGO Lululemon shares plummet after disappoin… 

Ohh good heavens... no wonder... Molina, you cheating son of a gun... #NotSurprised 

The worst thing about taking my braids out is having to wear bonnets and shit again. I don't have TIME

I see how they do, and I'm like damn, I can do that also.. it'd be nice to have a computer and all that technology shiitt to record

Im doing better alone, still hurts when im checking my phone knowing your out fucking a clone but im off 

You can bury your feelings as effectively as the next person, ... More for Scorpio 

Journalists begin to admit there really was a liberal media bubble during the election #tcot #tlot #ccot 

Y'all females get boyfriends just for goodnight and morning text, knowing y'all fucking these niggas  

Derivatives Regulator Picks Ex-Prosecutor to Serve as Top Cop  

We're about 6 months away from the president getting lost in a fucking corn maze#

Bet365 BetAtHome watch live Bet365 ￡200 welcome bonus  #betway #enhanced 

This shit way too crazy ayy, you do not amaze me ayy, I blew cool from a/c ayy, Obama just paged me ayy 

March 31, 2017 Distribution of certificates to graduates of FTOC led by PSSUPT BERNABE M BAlBA, DRDO PRO2.… 

#nerdy girls get fucked eva mandes porn 

The big question: what are we going to do for humanity? Serving others is the essence of leading at a higher level. - Ken Blanchard

#MusicNews Luke Bryan Breaks 27-Year Chart Record With New Song 'Fast'  #DerangedRadio 

12 Computer Technicians Share The Weirdest Thing Theyve Found On A Customers Computer. 

Congratulations #elevenmadisonpark on this epic win! Best restaurant in North America and the world is here in NYC!… 

#FirstEver BeachTourCamp in the Oil city and the venue is one of the few beautiful n cleanest beach in Ghana;     

1000pcs Dark Pink Czech Glass Seed Loose Spacer Beads Jewelry Making Finding S  

Instead of scrolling down this Mfer ! I'll rather be putting pressure on some Oochie-Wally Wally Oochie-Bang Bang  

Reverb – Sierra Hull on Her Influences and Defining Her Style | Reverb Interview  

Build a basket with guy-approved gifts and you could win a $100 gift card. #SlimJimBoldBaskets 

#6aM_Update ONWARDS         How to use this free news update service... Comment The Locations Under This... 

I was choosing a category for a quiz game and these two were together. The bible and 50 shades of grey. Okay 

My birthday is on a Wednesday and guess what I'm mother fucking wearing?!?! PINKKKK

The Ev will run out of steam, freak goal to put them ahead. United have great options off the bench still.

ONE FUCKING NOTE IM JUST GONNA END IT GONNA SLICE THR JUGULAR 

View the Full porn video here 》》  Get Android adult videos app 》》  

UPDATE 1-Reckitt Benckiser reviewing options for food business  #business #bloomberg

my brain has yet to accept this fucking insanity 

●PRICE RM 35 for 1 jar RM 70 for twin pack RM 105 for 3 jars ●COD AREA Shah Alam, Klang, Subang ●CONTACT NUMBER… 

It's crunch time!!! Read our latest newsletter to see if you should file an extension for your 2017 tax return.... 

The Little Mermaid: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack ~ Rene Auberjonois, The Little Mermaid, Jodi.. 

Breaking News: ATL Fire Raises Concerns Over Safety of Migos  

I beat that hoe up yesterday she mad cause Aj anit stick that dick in after ganga       

Slut Enjoys Getting Eaten And Fucked 

The fact that this manifestly ill-equipped moron is our President right now is absolutely ruining #NationalBeerDay for me. No mean task.

Android beats Windows to become the internet’s most used operating system:  - #DigitalEconomy,JFEDesignsBIZZ - Apri…

It is possible that I missed something.. But, why is everyone so ticked about Dave Chappelle's stand-up?

And no .....for you smartasses out there it does matter if your doing evil shit and turning it into profit

Who'll be my role model, now that my role model's been traded to Houston? #LAGalaxy 

Somebody, Push me on a dick, please ! meet me here  

#filminsonu is now trending topic Worldwide. Get insights with Charlatan for Twitter. 

Good Luck to our TVCL research team at the Divisional Science Festival at Brodie Centre today. We're proud of you! #tecvoc #tecvocscience

the other day i was giving babe head while he was gaming on live and when i looked up he was looking at me like i was some typa sweet devil  

-Shocking! You won't believe what this Pastor went to do to his Dead Wife at the Mortuary (Photos) 

i really hate people that cant take a fucking hint

What a Rhode Island Teen Wants You to Know About Her Year in the Middle East: 'Every Culture Has Beauty' -… 

IKEA Frosted Green Glass Bud Vase Decor Bottle 8.5" T Made in Poland  

Gibraltar sovereignty not up for negotiation, May tells Tusk - The Guardian  

Well... we might be fucked   

TBT: Reflecting on past public speaking preparing for upcoming important presentation. #RMPHR #PublicSpeaking... 

#pbs #HRW Hi, on 6-7 Feb 17, The independent UK published my legal #complaint  

Children are becoming more aware of nits, by letting them make it a game, it gives them confidence to tell someone.… 

I need to sleep!thanks dear Lord for the Saturday! I'll be back just in time for the reports! I'll be very receptive to spoilers this year..

You'll love this tip: "From Tips To Toes: 7 Habits Of Healthy Living"  

Silicon Slopes Vs. Silicon Valley: Four Tech Unicorns, Thousands Of Startups, No Frenzy  #Entrepreneurship

Shocked that of all the crazy jumps in Nathan Chen's SP, it was the triple axel he splatted on. Wild! #WorldFigure #Helsinski2017

How beautiful does my brothers girlfriend look! The pregnancy glow is reaaaal!!    

As sure as it is that a UKIP member will be on the #bbcqt panel, there'll also be a question about how apparently terrible Jeremy Corbyn is.

First we were strangers, then friends, feelings were added in, and now we're lovers and friends. But a few yrs from now we could be....

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

Kimani Ichungwa thinks that the more he mentions Raila the more he is viewed as a hero in house of Mumbi. Bure Kabisa! #OpinionCourt

Today is National Beer Day. Why today? It's the anniversary of the day in 1933 that the Cullen-Harrison Act was... 

U.S. launches strikes against Syria after chemical attack.  

of course you want to make those habanero pickles, what with this goddamn head cold

The trigger word is blame. It's effective in shifting the narrative away from a potential true cause of a person's condition.

My brother passed knowing they was the Oakland Raiders not gay ass Las Vegas raiders worst week of my life    

good read..will read it again later..raises issues I must think a bit about.. 

"I Rock" the CHS baseball team! Congrats señora for being recognized by one of your former students!  

#Mass #Psychology right again; stated that #Markets would climb wall of worry in 2016 

See how #SCAD students packed artful living into 135 sqft. with this tour of the #SCADpad #microhousing project!… 

Hiring a CAD #Designer - Solidworks - £25K. Is this the #career for you? #ukjobs 

Kill people with fingers on Twitter More than a gun, more than a knife The tip of your tongue just glitter

Anyone else eat Yorkshire Puds with syrup or am I just fucked

I honestly wonder what the dynamic of women in the music industry would be if Aaliyah, left eye, and Selena were still alive.

#Junkstatus doesn't mean SA must stop economic transformation. This should motivate us even more. Economic Transformation must happen!

Nina Ricci 15 ml 0.5 oz Eau De Toilette EDT parfum perfume Sep13  

We're packing our boots and headed south for a new condo project. Looking forward to launching our first development… 

It's noe the fucking X Factor mate.

I was in the 8th grade when she passed and remember the outpouring of love from the Tejano community. Beautiful soul gone too soon#RIPSelena

Mother suspected of abducting her two sons has been found  ^MetroUK 

i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love u i love… 

"Ima pick up the tickets of the fucking floor"        still not over this

Wed 09:12: A mix of sun and cloud. 60% chance of showers this afternoon. Wind southeast 30 km/h gusting to 50. High 11. UV: 4 moderate.

I used to get made fun of for my hair and now everyone loves my hair and I get endless compliments. LOL

European parliament approves visa-free regime for Ukraine  

New Twist In Michael Jackson Child Sex Abuse Allegations Could Blow Case Wide Open 

Forever. He will set the rights of Woman back! Read his decisions! Call your Congresscitters! Do not let the Repugs… 

Watch the reaction when this raccoon learns how to summersault... Now he JUST can't stop, hahaha!! 

Carbone Cancer Center Joins National Colorectal Cancer Screening Effort 

BACK PAIN - Part 1- Spinal Mobility _ Most people get it really wrong when it comes to managing… 

Oh my word my whole body hurts from 2 days of workouts that pushed me to the brink. Pray for me. Lol

I can't believe I am saying this but we are missing Per on his positional presence.. Mustafi is so bad at times

Watch James Corden and Claire Danes act out a soap opera made entirely from Katy Perry lyrics 

#startup FedEx, PGA Tour and Junior Achievement launch teen entrepreneur program  #entrepreneur

It's not always the case and I live in a city with a culturally connected Black middle and upper class. But elitist… 

Tired of pumping pussies want to pump ass! Signup here!  

I've saved approx. AED 40 at Chili's - Abu Dhabi - Yas Mall  

Any fucking way. A plane is going over my house and I jumped

The Undertaker Was My Fav.. I Still Feel Like They Fucked Him Over..He Was Never Supposed To Lose At A Wrestlemania..

Humans are so fucking sick in the head. no depth in which humanity wont sink. 

Wooooooo!! Well done to everyone!! #2ndfamily #eventslife #teamlivebuzz #squadddddddd      

This is what you get DT when you don't throw out the first pitch- I hope he was watching- I approve of this message… 

Eminent Scholars in Ecology, Evolution, and Environmental Change Series: Intraspecific Variation for Community and… 

Hey i seen my friends dog like really licking his self down below and now his girlfriend kissing and the dog licking her face and lips

I told yah yeah be happy with them I hope yah get al the money and many woman as yah please but I will not be one of them   

#eBook Hello. I'm Jean, one of the new kids on the block...  

]Presidential Swag Battle - President Buhari vs Vice President Osinbajo (Photos) 

McFarlane Toys The Walking Dead TV Series: Daryl Dixon Action Figure: $12.50 (2 Bids)…  

You might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie... More for Cancer 

Chubby Fucked At The Community Centre Gym 

June let his PS4 in law getting taken from him without getting a single game of cod in. Fucking pussy.

Don't get it twisted, carnal living doesn't please God; Fix your mind and heart on the WORD to live a life pleasing to Father God!  

fucking twink sex and glory holes 

606:327 What hempen homespuns have we swaggering here, So near the cradle of the fairy queen? #AMNDBots

i'll show you. how we supposed to feel when we meet at orion's belt #ARMYSelcaDay 

#Finance Growth back to pre-note ban level increasingly likely: SandP   

We mourn the loss of the founder of our original band. Al Wilson. A great multi instrumental musician. Photo 2007 i… 

60 Tomahawk missiles cost about = $84,000,000 Meals on Wheels: Each meal is $7.39, seniors are encouraged to donate what they can afford.

IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!! #Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 5.237.96.234 

Duhamel and Radford needed 'rock bottom' at worlds to see their future | CBCSports.ca Mobile 

What a fucking stupid bitch shut the fuck up already

Seeing both sides of an argument is not a new dilemma for most... More for Libra 

This damned hat! All these fucking kids and teachers looking at him like he's a fucking television!

Wowwwww y'all kids today are retarded   

I have a better idea. Every time Assad commits an atrocity like this, we take in more refugees. We say, "You just l… 

I think the Starbucks employee was alarmed when he asked if I wanted honey w my tea and I proceeded to pull a bottle of it out of my bag

I have 12 new followers from Philippines, and more last week. See  

So much hay fever. Losing the will to live, or at least losing the will to not scratch my eyes out of my head. Is sedation an option?       

there's guys out there doing this stuff but i still can't get a boy to openly say we're talking    

Massachusetts city council to vote on Trump impeachment resolution - ABC News #SmartNews 

I hate when bitches quote Nicki's lyrics wrong on they IG captions. I refuse to like the pic just cuz of that. Petty. Idc.   ‍

Bloody hell I haven't been a size 4 since I was 15, uni what have you done to me

Geoc. Long. of the #Jupiter as of Tuesday, 04.04.2017, 10h05m01.99s UT is 18°42'0''r #Libra #astrology #astronomy

drake loves grime like a fat kid loves fucking cake mate

View the Full porn video here 》》  Get Android adult videos app 》》  

Somehow this manages to be both adorably sweet and way creepy. Well done! #conflicted 

Another day, another chance, another opportunity at things in life. Thank you Lord for making me see yet another day #Thankful #NewDay #Life

Aquarius (safety): Mercury is willing to help you with problems personally today. Worship a person for best results.

Allotment day postponed.   So depressing. I *need* to get stuff done god damn it.  

Why I Didn’t Watch Your Video: It’s Way Too Long #video #marketing #animation #explainer  

More photos of Justin Bieber backstage last night with a fan with Make-A-Wish after his #PurposeTourStadiums show i… 

NowPlaying : Bonobo - Gypsy  #Android App  #PeripouWebRadio

I am still keeping it real for EFE. The winner of #BBNaija 2017 #seegobbe.             #fireworks    

no one understands what an urban planner is so I have to pretend I'm a loser architect student. life sux

You're known for your resilience, and you're apt to put it to ... More for Capricorn 

#cunt pussies bari #brutal toprated 

threesome fucking outsidefreaknyc 

You're the happiest when you are free to flit from one activit... More for Gemini 

Y’all like “omg they killed children and innocent people” US launches missile: “omg that’s so fucked up we’re going to war now. Great.”    

I once matched w/ my childhood favorite hockey player's daughter on tinder but she never ever saw my dick.

This IDGWorld global survey highlights top challenges and opportunities facing #IT leaders: 

Cincinnati OH USA - Senior Business #Consultant / Project Director - #Job Description #Work From Anywher...  #CAREER

Indesit Washing machine Model IWE81481S in excellent working condition!  

I'm hoping that Cersei gets her ass handed to her but I love Daenerys and Jon ;3; I don't want either of em losing xD

i told that lik bitch she was ugly .. i hope sge aint get offended  

Ask ALL of it. And add, "Is there anybody who could possibly believe you have any type of romantic commitment to t… 

How long does the altruistic impulse last? For some, as long as you see impact:  #TechweekGives #MWiTC

NYC officials abandon subway trash bin ban experiment  

I just fucking diedddddddd     

u p s.   there is a spelling mistake... be strong enough to let GO... and patient enough to wait… 

"there is a loneliness in this world so great that you can see it in the slow movement of the hands of a clock" #Bukowski

every time i think about "making a murderer," i get so fucking mad

When someone's making an argument using stats but you decide to hit them with historical fact after fact.   

The Daily M.A.D. Leader : Release : Today I am love : Through what lens do I choose to view others today? 

Privacy is a myth. Ask Kris Porubsky who sneaks into our basement, records people using her computer, then tries to extort money from our us

You know you're a 90's kid when you blow into any electronic that isn't working. #Ijustblewonanhdmicord

"T" Birds   •no way to be unhappy with these two• 

Welcome sign at the airport in Palawan | TIP - #Travel in Palawan -  | #Philippines #palawan 

Seen a vid of a man who girl was cheating, so he decided to expose her by proposing at her job, then have her side dude walk in...

A wild Totodile has appeared! Available until 00:34:54 (28m 28s) IV: 37.78 Move: Scratch/Aqua Jet. 

anyone thats friends with evan sever, were not friends. on god idgaf who u are. im petty bitch i know. but he talks alotta shit for a bitch!

ETA accepts to give up their weapons and no1 in the west even ICC calling persecution for their crimes but on Africa ICC persist to persecute.

Well done Seb P2 Good place to start like in Australia hope for the same result as Aus let's go for the Win!… 

Checkout: /news/2017/03/21/bill-oreilly-says-obama-conspiracy-accusation-is-now-hurting-trumps-presidency/

Annoying ass thinks he's the leader 

10 Scientifically Proven Ways To Find Out If Your Partner Is Cheating On You 

Invader Zim Will Invade Nickelodeon Again In An All-New TV Movie  

Borno: Wedding Guests Escape Death As Dog Stops Female Suicide Bomber From...  by… 

#taiwanese #pornofm swingers #suck cock #fapshow hardcor >>>>  

Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile. - Elizabeth Barrett Browning #quote

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

#SPORT #Boxing Cletus Seldin tests positive, suspended until August by WBC - WBN - World… 

But, I'm gonna spend every day trying to love you the way you deserve. That and more. I love you two so much.… 

HES NOT A PUSSY WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!! 

BUT DEFINITELY GO CHECK OUT MY FRIEND TOUCAN BECAUSE IT'S HIS 2 YEAR STREAM ANNIVERSARY AND HE'S COOL! 

Why this lady dirty ass son keep playing with me  

90 days approaching of #internetshutdown in NW/ SW #cameroon, that's a qter of revenue loss in time and numbers. Yet… 

There is more to marketing than just tweeting. It's WHAT you tweet. Hit my DM to discuss how a #TWEETBLAST can work for your project.

Bogus Fake News reports abound in UK + USA! Birds of a feather! 

Feds fear terror groups developing laptop bombs that evade airport security  

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Social activities may be on the calendar today, but you aren't... More for Virgo 

wait did i say problematic, i meant problematic AND retarded

Why is everyone complaining about me spending money at the 100 conventions. I worked my fucking ass of to do this

Why are YouTubers getting famous for clickbait, poronography, drama, and hate speech, and that's stuff that's banned? Oh, wait. We're stupid.

This list has 11 things on it    and for the first time in all my years of being a student I'm disappointed in the… 

Families of 9/11 victims sue Saudi Arabia over alleged support of Al-Qaeda  

I truly believe that the "Teacher" porn scenario on every website has sped this whole thing up. 

im actually so pissed off? mickey deserves better than to be treated like he's been a bad influence to ian when he… 

I got the money by myself I don't need help with them bands,god I can handle my enemies jus protect me from my friends 

Goddess Natasha It will be the Fantasy of your Life! #Femdom #nomorevanilla #FemaleSupremacy  

I was going to. I was going to wait for you for the rest of my life if i had to #DoubleB 

Serious question - a guy from my past slide into my dm and said hey how's things been? I said things are ok and then he blocked me ... Why?

Chocholik Belgium Chocolate – Executive Favorite Treat Of White Truffles Box With Teddy And Love Card. Order Now -… 

can't believe it's been a year today since we lost my nan, rip nan, miss you everyday     

Coutinho becomes highest-scoring Brazilian in Premier League history -  

#Games #Retrogaming #Reddit #Livebroadcasting Battle Islands mega - tanks quest continues r/videogames 

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

Learning about #machinelearning with an earthquake example  

If you wanna see an amazing #art, watch this #video:  

You're lucky to live past 16 where I live                                                            #BLACKRIGHTS… 

Syria missile attack: Satellite photos show major damage to airfields - Fox News 

BREAKING: Man attacked in Sheffield city centre may have been in collision earlier: A man attacked in Sheffield…… 

My room is: CO2: 401ppm Pressure: 1014.50hPa Temperature: 19.71°C Humidity: 50.03% Luminosity: 79Lux 2017/04/02-09:07:23

kind of an awesome way to begin my day - mourning dove sitting on my rail - walked to within two feet and then... 

Literally all I want from life right now is the trailer for The Last Jedi to be released. That's all I want. Nothing else.

[Blog] Volunteering at a low cost private school made me feel blessed. Here's why you should do it too | Neeha… 

Please RT #interiordesign #decoration #architecture #home How to keep your home cool and fresh… 

COME and MAKE SOME NOISE FOR THE BOYS!!!! LET'S GET THE BANK ROCKING!!!!!!! #TeamLincoln 

CAN’T WAIT FOR THIS SHOW! Heard a LOT about it this week when Dan was here!!! GET HYPEEEED! 

me: lamiiiig Do you know what I just said? a: yea : how? : i can understand filipino, a lituh bit qt talaga ng accent  

No Xbone, and I was in elementary school and I hated Windows 10 so much they nuked their own safety.

School Teacher Fucked by her lover teacher 

im making a gifset of the rebecca/r*bert scene and its literally making me lowkey sick. i cant put into words why but i hate him sm

I want a slow dance with my boys. Every night ko ini-imagine yung dance na nasayang when we ditched the cultural night.

Man investigators wanted to talk to after deadly local shooting has been located. 

Despicable. This sort of violence should not be allowed. Why can't people just enjoy a game of football? And a good… 

This idiot needs to be gone. 

Max frkn Boot: Is Trump Russia’s Useful Idiot, or Has He Been Irreparably Compromised? 

How the hell were their war planes able to take off after being "Supposedly" bombed and attack innocents again?… 

She shit her sen when u woke up pal thought it was grim reaper

.RuralTrust is previewing release of its biennial report, "Why Rural Matters". Changes to Census data appear to undercount rural students.

Teal Conrad Is A Filthy Whore Who Loves To Fuck 

Looking forward to our "Gardens and Growlers" event next month. We had a blast getting our rooftop garden ready las… 

These girls made perfect bunny Bs! Spring Break is a great time for crafts. #storytime #librarylife #craft 

This took me 4 HOURS! I need to speed up, geez.. but not a bad start. I'm just trying to… 

i need to express my love to Christian but I don't wanna rant in his mentions and catch a block 

RSA: Hoppip 88.9% (11/14/15/Bullet Seed/Seed Bomb) till 02:40:59 (11m 41s). lvl30+ CP:0 (L0) 

Celtic 1, Partick Thistle 1: A great night for they Jags as they win a brilliant point at…  

Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.

Fuck yeah got another pair of velvet shorts in the mail today I'm pumped!!!!! 

Debbie Abrahams: emergency debate on PIP/disability benefits Weds. Excellent (video) #JC4PM #Labour  ... 

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

First new settlement in West Bank approved by Israeli cabinet in 20 year  

This why I am the way I am bc mfs is out of this world retarded   

Air pollution made Beijing unbearable. Britain should watch and learn | Tania Branigan 

And everyone else is just fucked as a result. Yay. ...I should start reading manga. 

Well isn't this lovely - me and Daniel Thomson are performing alongside our pal Sarah Margaret Huff at the... 

Our president is an idiot and a madman and I'm disgusted to be a part of this nation.

#Technologies  Latest trending technical news and mighty gadgets. April 09, 2017 at 12:15AM #Geeks #TipsAndTricks

Sloterdijk on the significance of reflection for enlightenment. (Critique of Cynical… 

With Easter only a week away spaces are booking up fast! Call now to get booked in and avoid disappointment!... 

Why would any Pompey fan want to attend an end of season dinner where a fat scummer is the guest speaker? 

[Phinney Ridge] Togetic (M) (IV: 20%) until 02:04:26PM at 552 N 66th St  

26/3/13-24/413 Thalaivaa team was in Syndey. Here are some of my very own clicks! Best days, memories afresh. … 

I woke up randomly at 3 am and it's now almost 6. I can't fucking sleep! :((

I know you'd guys are watching bkchat but after you're done and you've had a break      

I'm highkey mad and I fucking knew this was going to happen. Fuck this government. Didn't Syria just get bombed?!

Drawchester FC! Unbeaten united, fucking cunts #mufc

My life is "literally" a series of embarrassing moments where every next one is more embarrassing than the last one.

11 Innocent Kids Who Have Committed The Most Terrifying Crimes. #8 Gave Me Goosebumps 

DEO GRATIAS! 37 years ago, on the 3rd of April (Holy Thursday), I was #baptized in the Parish of Saint Augustine by Msgr. Aquilino Ordoñez.

"If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doiqg." - Brad Szollose

OK Gorsuch, hit the floor running. You got a lot of work to do. Help keep the law in America. 

#Blogging is marketing that has a great "click-through-rate-of-return" on its investment #Startup 

Bisexual guy fucking his girfriend 

today has been a fucking cornucopia of emotion wew

#Russians Must be laughing at #US General’s claims that #F-35 will scare #Russia 

230.4g Natural beautiful blue fluorite crystal Mineral Specimen  

‘Seinfeld’ Actor John O’Hurley: ‘I Believe’ in Trump  #Islam 

You can get woken up by my system and bite your tongue, or you can get woken up, come outside all mad then get beat up too. Idgaf, ur call

never believe in me, never wants me to do anything, never appreciate me, bcs you always talk shit about me.

I have never adored and loathed something so equally   final punchline is just   

There are songs like Hunt then there are songs like I Wait then there are songs like You Were Beautiful then there are songs like Free하게

Now if the quintessential breeding ground for unadulterated ignorance could do this too and put flashing lights aroun… 

I might quit cod and adventure to Overwatch or Doom. MWR is fucking Cancer and BO3 is SLs, IW is just fucking terrible. Overall Bad Year.

Just finished the new novel from #LucyWorsley. #MynameisVictoria - so chuffed to have a signed… 

Amazing 18 Newcastle Live TV games selected - Could rise to 19  #NUFC #ashleyout

We'd like you to meet James, our March #EOTM at Woodside. And here's why: #reliable #greatworkethic #dedicated… 

The movie ‘Napoleon Dynamite’ only had a budget of $400,000 – Jon Heder was only paid $1,000 to star Napoleon.

Dad's mad bc I'm not doing my makeup today but he's wearing jeans and a Rolling Stones t-shirt. Fucking gender stardars.

Living with Low Vision SUPPORT GROUP Date: Wednesday, April the 19th, 2017 Time: 10:00 A.M - 11:00 A.M.... 

QUARTZ: A key path to plum finance jobs in China is being closed off as banks get more automated 

You people trading with the Rand, I feel for you shem. It's not going to be a nice day ngomso bantakwethu

well this didn't go according to plan - #DIY #PR backfires when app designer disses customer over online review: 

I feel like I've been a ghost on here lately. Sorry guys def gonna try to be on here more often. Life is happening and I'm struggling

Kinda. But even the kinda is none of their fucking business. 

teachers need to watch their damn mouth before they get popped this isn't 1956 honey I will end your career you will get NO retirement...  

omg for a split second i thought it was thursday and i was considering drowing myself in billy ray cyrus' toenail clippings

This Passover send a "sweet hug" to family, friends or colleagues in Israel.  

I played the Search the Waves mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 9 #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight 

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

The cabinet reshuffle will serve you the people of our great nation, to improve on the gains we have made.

Just like your living space needs to be swept and mopped regul... More for Virgo 

#AllStar DeMarcus Cousins Kings 2015-2016 Prizm Fireworks #20  #Basketball 

Don't try to re-open doors God already told you to close... Wow! This is Profound 

#cheerleader porn tube videos of tamilnadu village girls fucking 

Strangers ? Friends ? Close Friends ? Crush ? Relationship ? Heartbroken ? Barely Friends ? Strangers

Cancelled my brother is an idiot and like always I have to go fix his problems! 

You don't even have to change a damn thing with the character. You just make him fucking villainous.

Euro slut at gloryhole gets bukkake after fucking cock 

Yanma (57.8%) Wing Attack/Silver Wind 1/12/13 (ATK/DEF/STA) Despawns at 22:55:24 

Laced heroin suspected to have caused 7 deaths in 24 hours, officials say  #heroin A deadly batch of heroin is susp…

"You ain't shit" BUT been on my own since I was 18, have my own home, own my own vehicle, and work a full time job...and raising a 2 year old 

Why the fuck are you around my niece?? I swear I'm going to beat you sight!!    

Ima prove em wrong every fucking time, mama I got em

my husband has betrayed me by posting a photo of me to his Snap Chat Story and i would like everyone to know it's fake

12 Movies to Watch After You See ‘Ghost in the Shell’  

This is mind-numbingly stupid. Young 'addicts in waiting' don't start off by learning effective cold water extract… 

If this happens we have no one to blame but ourselves. #sad state of society if THIS is what allows people to live… 

Today's post is a good one, people. Go check out Leah and Luke's engagement session on the blog!… 

#CNSH Who is Chinese Power Ranger Ludi Lin? - The presence of Ludi Lin as Zack, The Black Ranger can have done ... 

I want to pastel tie dye my "dump him" shirt but I don't know even where to even fucking begin 

LIFE was crazy. Ryan Reynolds character pissed me off tho

That moment when you get English grammar wrong when a student asks...   EVERYTHING IS MADE UP AND NOTHING MATTERS

AREA CHECK at NE 72ND AVE / NE KILLINGSWORTH ST, PORTLAND, OR [Portland Police #PP17000094872] 07:26 #pdx911

"There are officers around here yet they're not doing their job ... but hey,that's not my business." Sips tea while walking away.

okay so I convinced my classmates that I was a lesbian and not bi and like 3 boys have asked for my number

Go BIG with your marketing strategy. Sign up for our newsletter for March special offers.  

Attended the memorial for Federal Corrections Officer Scott Williams today. He was murdered 20… 

You see, he means "wait 'till you see my dick" as a message that a woke man knows to wait until sex happens organically. #MansplainedSongs

Why are people suggesting Mane's absence has anything to do with tonight's result, ffs we gave them 2 goals! #lfc

Oh that's good cause last week they mentioned it was already worse than the Cold War 

Does anyone else get like super depressed after watching a movie or reading a book even if it wasn't sad? Because like yikes. Every time.

Today I am no longer being a fucking loser. 

I always get so so hyped to play new spots and I'd love to see some familiar faces. The boys and… 

This dude takes the cake! He's rad :). Can't wait for more color on Dani's sleeve in a few… 

I hope EFE winning won't be giving to Tboss hmmmm ojoro is going on here #BBNaija 

A try to make a way for progress to an place where peace and progress is most needed now it's their time to use thi… 

UNICAL SUG presidential debate to be broadcast live on radio  

Lou Velazquez commented on NewMusic's blog post Cardi B - Red Barz…  #radiorema #teamfytl

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

It's #BusinessBuilders day at #SageSummit. We're proud to support the heroes of the economy. Join the conversation 

1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. Thank you 

They are sexualizing GIRL children. Autocorrect fixed it.  

Swear all my friends and even my own girl can testify I never switched up on no one just cause I got into a relationship

Arsenal Video: Shkodran Mustafi scores on a header off of a corner kick to tie Arsenal's match with Manchester Cit… 

Happy 17th birthday to my favorite! I hope you've had a fab birthday! I love you and I'm so thankful to have you in m… 

#vacationgoals    Finding hidden fresh waterfalls during trekking adventures in the #tsiribinha… 

On today's episode of "I shouldn't be awake", we find Ian still fUCKING AWAKE EVEN THOUGH HE HAS TO BE AWAKE IN 5 HOURS

Getting Younger Boaters Hooked on Boating #boating #marinemarketing  #DirectMarketing 

Do the people who write for  even go to matches because they don't seem to know anything about the players? #nffc

J.R. Smith helps ignite magnificent quarter and Kyle Korver shelves his sportcoat: Fedor's five observations. 

I BET GOUENJI COULD GRIND ON FACEBOOM To prevent injury, please practice slamdicking into a hat without!

#haruka Suyumi_Sun: Hey guys! I`m here to have fun and joy. Lets rock!  

#francesca lodo porn indonesian nude girls getting fucked 

You don't have to and can't and won't please all the People all the time_Stay Focused-JesusChristEmpowersWisdom #NXT #Nxter #cryptomonedas

After England split from Catholic Church the Ottomans became their primary trading partner during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I #tytlive

Another Bulawayo Armed Robbery Thieves Get Away With $4 000 Cash  

Klopp is prepared to abandon idealism and ‘win ugly’ to secure the Champions League following the injury to Sadio Mané. (Chris Bascombe)

When reading this, insert "trump" for "Obama". And "Syria" in place of "Libya or Iran". Makes sense now.   

Slut truly likes being fucked in a manner 

I swear someone gave me "the ojo" Bc what are the fucking odds

ReadersGazette: BLOG You Are As Awesome As You BELIEVE Yourself To BE! True or False? by Trilby Johnson  Whilst man…

"They have child leashes with orcas for the little backpack part. The shark ones are better though."

He got jumped out his bed and shitting all over His floor I was solo mad this morning

Jessica Is fucking With her boyfriend 

You aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your... More for Virgo 

ALL GAME THINGS Console Specs Compared: Xbox Project Scorpio, Switch, PS4 Pro, and Xbox One… 

What’s the difference between Intrinsic Motivation and Extrinsic Rewards  #gamification

itd be boring asl once Hazel goes to sleep, like i aint got shit to do, aint got nobody to talk to

Instead of crashing when I got home from work I should of went and got tacos and Shit. Hungry as fuck

 ADIDAS NMD R2 PRIMEKNIT WHITE RED *SHIP NOW* Sz 7-13 BOOST ULTRA PHARRELL BA7253 

Kid leaves a program and does better at another program.The 1st program encourages players not to talk to the kid. Are they for kid or prg?!

I've give so much props to my sister Darby, not being able to see her husband in a long time and serving our country. Much. Respect.

Love love love the epic snowy + mountain hiking session with Lindsay + Andrew. We hiked through the cold, snowy... 

#adventure #outdoors #Running Running your first Boston Marathon? A beginner’s guide to America’s greatest race 

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

Where's all the 2nd Amendment ammosexual nutbags constantly fearing a tyrannical government at now huh? Tyrannical government calling line 1

Ir a hacer ejercicio con gripa: fuckin' worst decision ever. 

“Ever wanted to explore the world of business? Ask our counselors about our business program to graduate all the wa… 

Please RT #interiordesign #decoration #architecture #home Learn The Basic Watercolor Painting... 

Classic East Tickets featuring Eagles and Fleetwood Mac at Citi Field on July 29-30 at  with… 

I've eaten literally nothing but Flamin' Hot Cheetos all day and I'm on drink #2 of the night, so let's see where this shit show goes

cause I have hella feelings for you, but I don't fucking care, like they ain't even there.

BREAKING!!! Another Terror Attack In Europe; Atleast 3 Dead (Still Counting) PHOTOS 

Great to see the #chemistry department represented here at #umichRNA - did not know so many colleagues were involved in RNA medicine!

Wife in wedding dress fucked in pawn shop 

THE FUCKING FACE AT THE END 

Btw I will still love and protect Jimin at all costs his smile will never disappear when Im still exist   

Or will the clock strike midnight against a South Carolina team that has already beaten them in SEC play twice?

“Have people in your life who feed your dream, and nurture reality.” ― Tony Curl #quote #brisbane #life 

i wanna shave my eyebrows honestly im sorry fucking sue me

Parents Can’t Believe Their Eyes After Seeing What Their 2-Year-Old Twins Do At Night 

Syria intervention plans fuelled by oil interests, not chemical weapon concerns | Nafeez Ahmed 

Sen. George Amedore says there "should be" votes to to gut on #nybudget bills. "Let's get it done." #nysenate

This is what i observe, why is the artist never text you or chat you back when you chat or text them.they never give attention to us.

He's needed for the final 4 games, hopefully then he's ready for the playoffs 

"I should have known that Black folks weren't the target audience ... of the Great Outdoors." 

Apparently it's not a known fact that In your third trimester of pregnancy you are more irritable. And apparently I'm being a bitch 

Daughter's horses lol .. she's 9! Measureofmydreams Wonderful charm Thunder and roses Rogue angel     

#Entertainment WWE Monday Night RAW Results - Finn Balor Returns, Tag Team Debuts, Biggest RAW Of The Year, More -…… 

Clippers pull to within a game of the Jazz for fourth in the West with win over Suns 

i saw her post this yesterday and literally started snort laughing walking on campus i love maria 

Autistic people stand together united around the world on #WorldAutismAcceptanceDAY! 

MANNY AND JINKEE PACQUIAO ARE PROUD OF THEIR SON, JIMUEL, AFTER HE GRADUATED FROM JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL! 

But hey.....we will march just to show him how we're tired of his nonsense... 

#FailedBangladeshVisit A goodwill visit. India blames BDesh to be involved in supply of fake Currency Notes. 

( does anyone else look at crybaby and love him so much it breaks your heart to remember he is blind?)

That's if they don't march your ass to the gas chambers. Fucking idiots

If you're gearing up for the upcoming outings, please read this article chosen for our readers by Dr. Murray... 

POW! Football Latest: Premier League expensive mistake XI: Tottenham's Moussa Sissoko joined by Shevchenko and ... 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

That mr peace of shit guy has loads of mental issues. Damn, that's why his tweets are so callous and bitter

It is Important for the Musician to Learn as Much about the Composer as Possible and to Study the Music he has Writ… 

Somebody call my manager and say you got an urgent message for a nigga named William, "drop everything, Craig's in trouble, come quick"

I'm sick of hearing how people hate Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton...like I hate all your asses

Although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin... More for Capricorn 

No stream today or tomorrow :( I'm on a trip to New York! ^^ Stream on Sunday instead 

Leading service provider in the medical field seeks an Account Executive to cover a DC and 270 Corridor territory 

Bumping French Montana in the uber omw to the store so I can grab a Pepsi that's how I'm coming this morning

We're terrible, are we not, we humans? Shameful for Our Father, Creator God. Sorry for our pride, Father. Pleas… 

Difficulty is when that approach takes flight of fancy. How do we maintain rigour and not lose our way down the rab… 

i feel like i get another chance when i rt something and it doesn't let me   , probably woulda had a bad outcome

Here's why Russia would be in favor of a US strike. Justifies building up "defenses." 

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

I like Michael Fullmer but god that was a retarded thing to say

many many happy returns of the day malik bhai,omkara,gopal,sultan,singham,shivaay and badshaho of bollywood… 

why hasn't jimin gone to go and help georgie and care for her while she's sick ?? some husband he is

FUCKING HELL WE'RE STOPPING TO GET PIZZA WE'RE ALREADY NOT GETTING HOME UNTIL LIKE 9 BUT NOOO WE GOTTA STOP FOR PIZZA TOO Fucking hell

Vintage Sterling Silver and Enamel, Place Charm Bracelet, 36 Charms, Heavy 56g.  

You guys are being so nice and leaving such nice comments on my selca day. I WANT TO CRY       

Took a break from work tonight so my bf wouldn't feel neglected. lol he's sleep now! Back to the coin

Air Djibouti pilot becomes first African pilot to fly solo around the world - New Business Ethiopia 

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

#Sport - Manchester United eye deal for American teenager Will Vint, The young American has had previous trials a... 

Slay like there's no tomorrow this summer and wear your favorite #THIRDCULTURE summer OOTDs. #ThirdCultureShop… 

lets start this tread off, with my all time fave : calum motherfucking thomas fucking hood 

The festive mood, which should have been visible by now, is glaringly missing on the Osmania campus 

Internet's Security Woes are Not All Technical  #security 

Driving down Don Carlos with my dad, starts pointing out houses and apartments he used to party at    my dude

I need to start eating more healthy, but first I need to eat all the junk food in the house so it's not there to tempt me anymore      

That's why you neva beef ova hoes bra they be fucking wit everybody   

#skinny dipping nude teens fucking with pakistani girl 

the fucking puns and references in this episode I hate justin roiland

#Dell Home - 25% off Ultrasharp Monitors. - #Coupon ->  

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

We were just kids when we fell in love Not knowing what it was I will not give you up this time.<3 — thinking about old memories

Dejan Lovren criticises Barkley for failing to apologise for challenge  #news #Sport 

Please fix this horrendous idea...the North Texas Tollway. The pricing and the amount of traffic is not justifiable.

I was once stung by a Jellyfish and I totally get how they have survived this long. 

West Brom vs Southampton live score and goal updates during Premier League clash at The Hawthorns 

When fucking retards get their hands on editing software..... STOP 

Spotifycares: JuiceofallJuice Hey! Thanks for the request. Our Curation team are independent, but we’ll pass on your suggestion   /YM

Man United’s £50m blow, Arsenal’s Cech replacement, Chelsea’s ‘obvious’ £60m deal  #COYG… 

Do You Have A Lump On Your Neck, Back Or Behind Your Ear? Here's What You Need To Know.. 

So i was about to sleep again but all these damn fucking thoughts popped up :(

Your success is tied to someone else's dreams while the Sun's ... More for Pisces 

Headed to college soon? It's important to know that the library will be your best friend. 

Alright can we, as a population, agree on one fucking way to spell Marissa and Stephanie

I no longer want to be apart of this world we live in... LIKE WHAT WHO THOUGHT THIS WAS OK???? 

Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species. ~W. Somerset Maugham, A Writer's Notebook, 1949

#Luxury Aural Pleasure: Bentley Car-Inspired Speakers for Your Home  

(Wave) SWELL: 10.5 ft at 11.1 s SW / WIND WAVE: 11.5 ft at 9.9 s SW / WVHT: 15.8 ft / APD: 8.6 s / MWD: 223° / 2:30a PDT

New favorite song "Back To God" by Reba. The only answer is "we give this world back to God!"  

From ass to mouth with my dirty blindfolded slut 

Penelope . FIESTY. Already has tail feathers??? Loves to peck and get wreckt. Will probably fight u and win. Cuddly… 

I hate when I forget to press send and I'm sitting there like an idiot waiting for a reply

What difference would that make? The referendum was "merely advisory", you lot said. 

NBA Game Recap: San Antonio Spurs (102) vs. Dallas Mavericks (89) - 4/7/2017 - READ HERE: 

Some of us don't fit into conventions or stereotypes. And that's absolutely alright x x #leader #unique #power

The Western Wall was a retaining wall supporting the outer portion of Temple Mount, upon which stood the Second Tem… 

Everyone luvs 2 wreck things addicted to car crashes mayhem when it is applied to governments calm minds Rneeded or we all get burned #poem

4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

The ppl who call him corny listen to Lil yatchy and the rest of the retard crew    

I accidentally (not kidding) punched a wall yesterday and my fucking knuckles are killing me

Some might say just do it because that's what men do. I agree but say something lil ugly  I'll let that door slam on ya fuckin head

Madison Baumgarner is the 1st pitcher to ever hit 2 HRs on opening day #SFGiants #Dbacks #MLB #OpeningDay

Wish I could go back to school and take some computer classes and make more money sick of pay check to pay check

5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

We may not have youth tonight, but join us for our Lenten Prayer Breakfast at 9am in the Student Center tomorrow mo… 

Latest Architect jobs in Singapore, Bukit Merah posted on Sunday 2nd of April 2017 

Nobody fucking touch me I'm emo 

i've played like 9-10 games of battlegrounds and i have yet to even remotely come close to killing anyone i'm so bad at shooters jesus

A guide to Facebook etiquette after someone has died  

Persecutory delusions: a cognitive perspective on understanding and treatment 

“I’m proud that OneDigital has built a culture where women can thrive" -Elizabeth Chrane, EVP.… 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Declaration: The Contractor will change everything not looking good in your life #JumokeAdenowo #HarvestHouseNG #MotheringSunday

Trump sends letter to Vietnam's president to promote ties  

Imagine if horses were carnivores. That's the definition of an apex predator. The Great Plains would be bedlam.

For the very few that accept the wonderful way of chicken pineapple pizza, God bless you, for those who don't: 

Come on Men what's wrong with you making us Good Men look bad and cause many walls being built up no one should have to shelter thr feelings

Cannot wait for all the typical April Fools Day customers. Literally gonna burn my arm in a coffee urn.

Movies To LOVE.... Monster Squad. Because Where else would you see Dracula lift a 4 year girl by the face and call he… 

*The truth about brutalized female Corp member in Ekiti State - NYSC Reveals Surprising Details 

Adriana Fucked By Guy In Pantyhose 

Here's a closeup photo of my cat to make your Tuesday a little better. #catsofinstagram #cats… 

Morrow’s Horizon, the first in an all-new series of standalones from Sierra Kummings is coming April 21st!... 

Teenie is fucking so well segment 

I fucking hate schools that sweep bullying under the rug. HATE it

"Tangy is most literally a (tangerine) that grew the appropriate facial features from the typical cat ears, large eyes, and wide grin."

Also addicted to thinking about the delusional idea of true love. Help with that would be appreciated also

If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.

Now that I'm boring I'm a messy bitch who lives for self-inflicted drama of people I don't care for

#rl  MAKASIH BANGET YA HUHU YOU'RE MY LIFE SAVIOUR GOD BLESS YOU I LOVE YOU      

See some Social Selling Tips – Using LinkedIn's Social Selling Index  #socialmedia #business

Getting Negative Feedback Has Some Surprising Benefits - Feedback can be scary. Here's why you need to ask for ... 

Arrogance, for it will help them since the number of passion and one final result in our country that passion in 1951. #Liffey

_ashleyqueen Live now at chaturbate  #cams #chaturbate 

I just want my fucking hair done   ‍ guess I gotta try to do it myself cause I know another mf aint gone do it  

This week our #mhealthquote says: There's no replacing a good workout, but technology can enhance it 

The winner of the half marathon Jim Cole has just crossed the line. He said the new course was excellent. 

Can't wait to release this Chelsea Boot in Summer 2017. Designed in Las Vegas.  #wiwt… 

You would love to call it quits early in the day so you can le... More for Cancer 

Cancer is no longer a disease of the old age, as we commonly perceive. Young cancer patients are increasingly becom… 

Indian Girl Getting Fucked Op Laag 

Ran 1 kilometer in 8 mins and 15 secs and felt great. Two rounds at the oval 

Raise your #selfie game -- literally -- with a #camera #drone made to keep you in the shot. … 

Trust your instincts and stay aware of your surroundings to help prevent assault on campus,  

NFL players team up with Veterans to help make a difference in the world. #doingbigthingsonandoffthefield 

#shemuscle fucking playboys sex videos 

Madame X Singer Sargent  this painting is about 6ft saw it at the Tate London now at the metropolitan. 

Got to learn to keep my emotions at bay altho people in my personal life are part of my professional life. Hmph.

You're feeling a sense of professional pride today, stemming f... More for Scorpio 

Shoot The Girl First - "I Like The Way You Die, Boy" [Metal and X-Core]  

Transfer News: Two confirmed #Chelsea moves, Liverpool medical for Man United #Chelsea 

What #whisky events do you not want to miss in 2017? #Travel #Journal  

Now Playing Que Se Sienta El Deseo by Wisin / Ricky Martin en El Pary 102.5FM #tunein 

Death, Taxes and Op/Ex: What you need to know about TCAD’s latest appraisal values and 2017 operating expenses:… 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

Trivia Tuesdays are Back! Starting April 18th we will host Trivia from 7-8 pm...this was very fun last year and... 

This Woman Takes Her S3x Toy On The Street Because She Can't Control Herself 

Let's defeat the "GEM STOLAS" Archwitch in the card battle and mini-garden game "Valkyrie Crusade"!  #Valkyrie Crusade

I have cried almost every episode of "13 reasons why"   I highly recommend watching it with a box of tissues

AHCA generated lots of opposition. I am proud that the Freedom Caucus did not abandon principles to give Ryan an il… 

McDermott International's hold rating reiterated at Scotiabank. $8.50 PT.  $MDR #MDR

The Giles County Public Library will be closed Friday, April 14 for Good Friday and Sunday, April 16 for Easter 

Two Couples Sucking And Fucking In Tandem 

You have the possibility to know who visits your profile with this simple app 

Krusher really ain't fucking around this time... #KovalevWard2 #WardKovalev2 #boxing #rematch #MonteroOnBoxing 

Until one day, a man named BENDIS said, "Hey, I give a shit about this guy." And put him on the Avengers. 

Ugly niggas need some females too    

i wish i could sing in front of anybody and like actually go all out cause syd shelby and my family are the only people i can do that with

I'd say our seniors had a successful four years.          #BlueHens #ncaaFHockey 

12957 started on 16/01/2016 Reached its destination NDLS and was 15 Mins Late 

Both men look like they need an IV, a shot of whiskey and a nap. MMA Heavyweights ladies and gentleman! #MMA #Bellator175

Karnowski just did something literally zero big men ever do these days: Held ball up high after catch, no unnecessary dribble, and FINISHED.

WBA.... Why Bother Attacking.... retarded ass team what's the point of playing defensive for 90 mins??

I would  4 #EaglesTalk #EaglesDraft 2 replicate the success of their 2002 draft, where the chose Lito sheppard, Sheldon Brown and Westbrook

Shortage of job candidates with fluency in data science requires major changes by universities and employers alike. 

Ohhhhhh shit!!!!!!!! I don't fuckin believe it!!! #TheWalkingDead those fuckin traitors!!!

It's pitch black in our apartment too and HOW SKETCH IS IT for some maintenance guy to be knocking on our door at almost 10 pm??

Le Labo should really thank the L train for all the free advertising, it's literally a Santal 33 explosion up in this bitch.

I'm drunk off champagne and eating taquitos in a king size bed watching Friends with the loml and I couldn't be happier

How to Measure Influencer Marketing ROI #InfluencerMarketing  

Something I've learnt- no matter how loyal of a person you are, someone will always try to be a snake to you

Elvis Presley: He Touched Me - The Gospel Music of Elvis Presley, Vol. 1  

Three songs through #AllAmerikkkanBadass and I already know this shit is gonna be a classic. "Temptation" is so fucking funky

Ultras in Sweden have flouted a national law banning face masks by wearing niqabs to their team's first game of th…… 

He had to wait 10 days before it was official but today Kooper can't wait to introduce to you his new baby cousin L… 

#lezfuck #xxx fucked #amigos #katdior fap #profile paradise 

Followers -2, Unfollowers - 0. I didn't know I was this awesome. Get your daily stats via 

I just got 100K VC Nba 2k17 locker code! -  #nba2k17 #lockercodes #2k17lockercodes

32[M4F] #WashingtonDC Funny, Authentic guy looking for a relaxing BJ that's all about me. #reddit #blowjob 

He was an orphan cub; she raised him as her baby. 2 yrs later she returned to meet him. Wud he remember her? Watch… 

Motherwell's display in the 7-2 defeat was pathetic but congratulations to Dundee as they are making 'Well look like the 1970's Brazil #COYR

If You Touch Your Lady In These Sexiest Hot Spots She Will Be Like A Volcano 

"You know.. you really jumped out the window when you compared yourself to me."     Go ahead and… 

 PUREMATURE Busty Milf Tegan James fucked during her yoga session Length: 10:11 Keywords:… 

#RStats —Who is old? Visualizing the concept of prospective ageing with animated population pyramids : 

Fake police complaints and misleading content by Media. Qnet has did enough But now, #JusticePrevailsForQNET

jimin "come to daddy!" *bends you over his knee* "let's get these wet things off and get you wetter princess" 

I have no one to fucking talk to too I swear no one can fucking hell me at this chingao

Trump University was a scam. He is paying out $25-million to those ripped-off. Why is this not a bigger story?

well done to all of you that got a better line than the market closed at. Give yourself a pat on the back. You're already winning.  

Having to chase up rsvps for the wedding isn't fucking annoying in the slightest...

it sucks so much when sadness just hits you and you can't help but just explode.. i just wish i wasn't sad anymore

International Sales Engineer - Redhill, Surrey - Solutions 2 Recruitment #engineering 

One Piece Reveals Visuals For ‘Whole Cake Island’ Anime Arc –   

Well I fell back in love again and got burned again. Can't be mad for genuine emotion. No Regrets. So glad I have a supportive family.

if you like someone then fucking tell them.. stop wasting time

"Harvard, a Tibetan monastery, a hiking boot, a food bowl, a rug and a French Horn." The oral history of fake history. 

Shooting all day, and I've now discovered how idiotic and vacant my resting face is. 

Nasty fetish slut gives footjob 

If you're gonna dub somebody then just do it already  stop playing games with these bad ass females   

Re junk status I have a hard time not just thinking about this, because I am an ingrate: 

High-stakes state tests began this week? Psshhh. We took 40 minutes to show the #CBJ how we're marching to the play… 

Standing alone with #integrity and #perpetually permeating #awareness is far more superior... 

$600 to shoot the video. $300 for the edits i want. = a fucking movie!  

lol love a Monday morning discussion with your boss about how much of a state you were on the works night out  

Catholic Charities across the U.S. could face huge cuts if Trump's budget is passed | America Magazine 

"Mmm! This fruitcake is fantastic! (pause, stabs the knife on the table) Anyone want a piece?" #JokerBot

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

I'm out of my usual greek yogurt, so I ate a frosted pop-tart instead :) I'm going to use the sugar rush to try... 

Blackpool Weather TEMP 10.4 Humidity 73 Pressure 1027.4 Rain 0.00 Sunset 19:54 

"Drafted" "World War III" "Things are getting bad" "Donald Trump is president" Me: Fuck it Im out #WWIII… 

#KendallJenner, Harry Styles Potentially Rekindled Romance Detailed #KendallJenner 

Floral Raven piece done by me Ivy Lavelle, Studio 85 Tattoo, Lebanon, Ohio via /r/tattoos 

Killer shot by Athena Delene of our pinball machine. It's gotta handy beer/cocktail holder so you can drink while... 

Todays sick day consists of: two shows, a photoshoot, an afterparty and a 20 pound backpack. Wish me luck

There's only two weeks left until Easter! Are your little ones on Easter break from school yet? #dottyfish 

Thoughts on Programming, Number 20: A ship on the beach and forming an ideal target for Nazi bombs; but the men and women on board them neve

New I Am Heath Ledger doc shines a light on the actor's brief but brilliant career 

Wish I could sleep but I keep having fucked up dreams

and that's word to the Polk and a nigga bloody like pussy on soap

Bassrock19 shared this with us: anikasleem CosmicBrace Human4Animals ckarr2 mistyrosemb calminsensehypn SArmstrong… 

Check out this awesome deal on Aeris Donut Pillow  Use CXVR83WH to save %50  #giveaway

City Harvest appeal: Queue forms overnight ahead of verdict for church leaders 

Rob O'Neill: Trump 'Hit The Bully in the Face', Raised Troop Morale  #MilitaryForce #MAGA #AmericaFirst #2ADefenders

NOW IS THE ONLY AND LAST TIME FOR THE PEOPLE OF SA TO "REMOVE"ZUMA!ONLY THE PEOPLE CAN DO IT!IF NOT NOW SA ARE "SCREWED"!PEOPLE WAKE UP!!!!

Thank god I ain't fucking with no Becky 

Could Trump's Syria Strike Cause World War 3? Observers Are Concerned | World War 3 #WorldWar3  #worldwar3

Two missing boys found safe and well - To be attributed Sergeant Matthew Wheble, Wellington Search and Rescue: ... 

Kenapa aku cintanya sama kamu? Just because youÃ¢â‚¬â„¢re always there; there to listen when I need you, there when I feel alone.

"Ill stab someone in the heart with a fucking ice pick if it gets me dinner with you"

Routes 7 70 72 272 283 are back to line of route following earlier road traffic collision on Du Cane Road W12.

Father, In peace I will both lie down and sleep, for You, Lord, alone make me dwell in safety and confident trust. You Protect me.-Psalm 4:8

“Festival of Places” unraveling and interpreting the fascinating bond that exists between People, Places and Memories 

See clapbacks     may I reach this level of being bad ass   

You don't realize the shit Moe says doesn't add up. But yeah, you're smarter than me.   

5. For hot Naija,the allowed quantity of Benzoic acid for beverage preservatives is 250mg/ kg. What is in Fanta and Sprite is well within that

Help to make #cat declawing illegal in Canada! Plz sign:  

some fuckface dropped fucking atole in the god damn frijoles

Follower -1, Unfollowers - 0. I didn't know I was this awesome. Get your daily stats via 

*wakes up* well, i guess i'm making a skull grunt oc today #teamskull #skullgrunt #oc #pokemon 

How long have you been on the pipe, Mike? And what made you stop using the opiates and switch 2 crack? Oh you do them… 

"Best Differences Of Being Single Vs. Being In A Relationship In Hilariously Funny Memes 

Missing teen, ex-teacher spotted at Oklahoma Walmart 2 days after disappearance - WTNH Connecticut…… 

Like that time your boyfriend gave you gonorrhea but then he bought you a new purse and you were like, okay, now we… 

#RTL  Looking for PRISTIN's Nayoung, Yuha, and Yehana to join our PRISTIN Less OOC (eng/kor) Squad  

McConnell claims votes to bust Supreme Court filibuster  

Bitches hate me . I wish they'd say it when I see em   ‍

Rustic Bathroom Signs,SET OF THREE, Farmhouse Bathroom Decor, Wash Soak Relax Signs, Rustic Bathroom 

Theres a difference between marketing and being fucking annoying

Fucking the ex wife in her ass! 

The #numbers are rising on the #thermometer higher every morning. #prompt #fmsphotoaday… 

Hearing House leadership doesn't have votes right now to pass budget tmrw. Details on intra-GOP battle:  #nhpolitics

I hate yo ass for this  but you already know yea  

Happy birthday to one of my best friends. I hope your day is as amazing as you sweetie      I couldn't live w/o y… 

Barcelona Team News: Luis Enrique expected to ring the changes #FCBarcelona  

Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day; while failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated ev...

King of dark fantasy. Summon today. App Store:  Google Play:  #DarkSummoner

Went walking with a friend yesterday for 4 miles. From Hythe to Brockhill Country Park, around it and back to Hythe. Fresh air, trees,stream

#addwalrustoruinanything Still hate Bob Bob's a walrus face douche bag

Someone wants to chat with me? ! Let's have a chat -  

No that would just take away from the fact he's in an interracial relationship 

#hentaigames sale #crazy #outdoorsex ass #webcamgirl imsdating 

omg i like the tweet hahahhaha Don't Panic // Coldplay Fix You // Coldplay 

Vintage 1960s aprons, or just some cool old fabric? Up for grabs on ebay:  #vintagefabric 

I JUST FUCKING SEEN THIS LIKE 3 DAYS AGO     ON MY MOMMA I WAS DYING 

Ima slide in every bad bitch dms so they can curve me and give me the motivation I need to drop this tape    

Don't be the person who cares the most because you'll end up with the most to lose. KISSES TheRisingStar

I legit just learned letting go by day6 the whole way through including young k's part and i feel so proud of myself??

My ubereats driver called me yelling bc he decided to not follow his GPS and ended up not at my address? Tf? No.

All Americans should memorize our creed. We are a strong nation. Working everyday to continue making America what G… 

Not sure if younger White Americans must hear their peers say: It's OK We are going to be alright   Save yourself "Becky"  same #MAGA  

Most large-ticket remodeling jobs are unlikely to have a full return on investment. The best projects are the... 

Your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you... More for Gemini 

really tried my best to stop being a softie but it's hard when you stan the epitome of cute fluffy and soft 

Ooh love nobody's gonna hurt you love, I'm gonna give you all of my love. Nobody matters like youuuu. #ROCKABYEBABY

GOD FUCKING DAMN I SWEAR I ALMOST DIED FROM SEEING THIS I GOT THAT FEELING IN MY HEAD and STOMACH HN YEEEEEEEET 

this kid sitting behind me on the bus is fucking annoying

We have the perception that juice is always healthier than soda  

I also feel like there is a sense of elitism which stems in ppl when it comes to attending university which I'll discuss another time BUT

Tata Motors' Jaguar Land Rover retail sales cross 6 lakh units for first time - ET Auto 

A fantastic music scene, great shopping and oh, revered barbecue: Welcome to Kansas City  

Took him less than a minute...!! Gutless grub!!  As if I'd want to follow that cowardly scumbag..!! Jog on, loser!!… 

Capsa's 1st Centre Circle advisory board meets during the MHA Business Summit 2017t. Enlisting the counsel of... 

To all you people who workout in the am, I hate you, I hate you for making this acceptable this shit is miserable I… 

There is no one who hugs like Harry are the best,And look at those huge hands I'm sure it would cover me completely… 

Becky Lynch looks like Leeloo fucked the Predator.

ASOS PETITE Premium Jumpsuit in Bonded Satin  #OnSale 

Spear of Destiny is basically the equivalent of Dragon Balls. Can change everything and alter reality. #LegendsofTomorrow

#feelingnervous Before I even got this far, my #handistingly. I can usually do a whole tile before the whole... 

Kenny you are no professional! You are an idiot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You are a fucking idiot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

9 people followed me and 11 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

WW 46.820, -116.987 WW Weather in Moscow, Idaho - at 4:46 pm - outdoor temperature 42.4°F, wind speed 0.0 mph

I've been laying in bed, pants, coat and boots on, for forty minutes tweeting. Just gonna. Put the phone down. Shut down. Goodnight

Temptations did a song about this moronic ahole It was called " Ball of Confusion " 

Efffffoooorrrrrtttt---- all it fucking takes and u can't even do that  

Results #PC5, quarterfinals: Alan Norris 6-5 Steve Beaton Adrian Lewis 6-5 Richard North Dave Chisnall 6-0 Mark Webster

I hate the assholes who don't turn off there brights... but then again I'm the asshole

Can someone explain what the Red/Yellow extensions on the info graph for each blaster mean? Image from companion a… 

Architectural drawings of Daly School expansion plans released  

I'm moving to Texas. It's some bad bitches out there.

#yakuza nude 3d girl fucked by monster video 

What a glorious start to a weekend. Can't believe the sun is shining for the 1st day of outdoor training for junior… 

IMMEDIATELY After Being Confirmed, Neil Gorsuch Did 1 Thing That’ll SURPRISE Trump!  

P1: Gear VR/Oculus Rift Pre-production: If player plugs and unplugs racing wheel, strong assassins mine many bazookas below city

#NowPlaying#WagonWheel COWBOY COPAS God Put Rainbow In The Clouds-Unknown Listen Live 

For The Win: After fan outcry, WWE moves Smackdown women’s title match to WrestleMania main card…… 

Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War...  by… 

Residents told to close doors and windows after large fire in Poole  

I #LITMPagtatapat #FPJAPBalikBilibid #MDHKasagutan It Will never change baby MCLISSE IWFIL OnStarMusic

#SaintPetersburg Planning From Putin And Trump To distort Islam To eliminate On Islam And Muslims Under the pretext… 

First name: "Mr" Middle Name: "." Last name: "T"! There is very little time for the jibbajabba from Fools. Keep on… 

We'll be at the Katy Sip-n-Stroll this Sat (4/1) sampling a variety of #AlamoBeer. Hope to see y'all there!… 

I absolutely hate when ppl act like life is so shitty and hate the world

Union activists in Sri Lanka protest life term to Maruti Suzuki workers  #news

This was the first Hammer Horror I ever watched. Late on a Friday night though, not Sunday teatime!   

I saw Cookinpellets LIVE stream on  and entered for a chance to win 2 smoker mats  #giveaway

Ebony gang bang slut gets fucked 

Two twinks sucking fucking and cumming 

PApI google PhOne periwinkel x3 rawr his penis dicc succulent on ebooks wait who the fuck actually spends money on iphone

I'm fucking shook and spazzing      

12 cheetah cubs were just born at the Smithsonian and you need to see them  

Federal regulators say they are investigating a third Hilcorp pipeline leak in Cook Inlet 

i have a predicament: i really either want to yell at you or slap you but i also dont wanna waist my breath or touch you ever again

To uncover your true #potential you must find your limits and then have the courage to blow past them #motivation 

Can Dubai achieve a happiness revolution without addressing its labor issues? 

Drinking a beer and watching #Masterchef in what can only be described as lounge wear. Life is great right now!

 "SEDUCTION" by carmen Rowe. Original abstract painting. Jackson Pollock inspired. Framed (Antique White).

17h Welford Weather: Temp. 14.5 °C, Hum. 59 %, Bar. 1027.1 hPa, Rain 0 mm, Wind 0.7 m/s WSW #Weathercloud

I been face with a few devils today. Bitches feel threatened by my aura of being godly. Fuck outta here bitch. My intelligence is a gift.

I became so cold hearted  No sympathy for you hoes

GANBARE☆WRESTLING “THIS IS MY WAY TO LIVE 2017” (April 2) is available on DDT Universe now. 

Ross Barkley is a fucking dirty bastard! #LFC #EFC

Designer needed for internal comms team. Based in West London. Check out the spec here 

The the UK (and the world) in its present state, there are few things that could be a good old fashioned April Fool today.

like my ears are fucking bleeding 

This highway 37 forum is poorly moderated. Moderator is dragging on with redundant information. #sonoma

Let me go take a showers the projects makin me a lil dirty nigga

This is one ass extended April fools I pray someone just says it's a bad joke

date when i again got scared to run away from home fucking bastard

#DataTech to Provide Comprehensive, Next-Generation Cyber Security Solutions From Sophos fo... Read Blog: 

Thanks 4 Yr Word Lord It's Spirit and Life It's Truth I esteem Yr Word higher than my necessary food It's a lamp unto my feet and lights my way 

Yankees went through the entire batting order and still batting with 2 outs and on the 4th batter right now lol and Yankees lead 9-0

Make #cash #online! Online money with a Hollywood story!:  Ways of #making #money online! 

Filipina MILF Getting Fucked 

A belated penblwydd hapus to Super Fan Elen Govier! Lots of birthday hugs from the #greenarmy See you at our games… 

Another win for the JV softball team over Central Crossing. 18-3 winners!!! Keep up the great work ladies!!!

Another fucking Muslim terrorist ... Go figure ... 

Volkswagen Cleared to Sell Fixed Diesel Cars in US »  News 

Chad L. Coleman and Larry Joe Campbell Join Seth MacFarlane's Fox Series 'Orville' 

If you a nigga don't add me on snapchat. I do this for the bitches not you you fucking faggot

girl gets fucked pov style 

Gosh I'm so fucking irritated I just want to drink a bottle of vodka and pass out

Livin in this cold world where niggas shun virgins and praise hoes

#Putin has ended #US - backed #Terrorist rebels control of #Syria and for that US is mad as hell 

You're looking for entertainment of a different sort; your min... More for Sagittarius 

Tiger Bridging Explains New stress tests mean more caution likely from big banks 

Me and megan fly to amsterdam this weekend and we just found out that there are now no flights back home on the wednesday   why why why

Join This New #OnlyFoolsAndHorses #Ofah #Facebook Group Guys   Don't Be A Plonker All Your Life      Cushty  

bitch i want to have mutant powers i want to be a fucking x-men

26 people followed me and 17 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Sir Jack Brabham was born on this day in 1926. He remains the only driver to have won the #F1 WDC racing in his own… 

#Fukushima Apr 04 15:00 Temperature 12C few clouds Wind NW 20 km/h Humidity 40% Japan .. 

Like why am I like this ? I'm literally typing this message instead of writing this fucking paper. But Ima still ke… 

Socially Conscious citizens of India: Sign the petition asking for democratic process in passing Money Bill 2017 

My sister is mad as hell we haf to watch huck getting shot twice!!! Who does that?? #Scandal

Ms police officer pawning all her weapon then gets fucked 

The people that keep tagging me in scams on my wall will be blocked immediately! I'm sick of the notifications!

Its not tht i hate the place even tho i dont like it but i hate the ppl who havent done anything to the bullshit tht happened.

Christian McCaffrey, Tyus Bowser, KD Cannon, and Howard Wilson to the Lions. I've seen worse. Lots of better R3 o… 

I think the show make us laugh our ads of as well as think about life and learn, become more sensitive to people's feelings #itgetsworstshow

Hope the Bernie bros are happy with their protest vote now that you progressives have to deal with a right-leaning #SCOTS rest of your lives

Glass Crystal Bead Curtain Home Living Room Bedroom Wedding Decor 1Meters CD8  

College pussy brutal deepthroat 

Germany investigates 20 Turkish citizens on suspicion of SPYING  

 IF ANY NIGGA EVER THINKS HE CAN TALK CRAZY TO BE IMA BEAT TF OUT OF HIS MOMMA and I PUT THAT ON MY MOMMA

People, events, support, resources, timebanking, opportunities, promotion... Just some of the reasons to JOIN US… 

My kids are my heart and soul. They will always be my babies, even when they grow old. KISSES SlayOnMegMag

I CANT FUCKING BREATHE AGAIN 

Biz2Credit and Columbia Business School to Host Frontiers of Digital Finance Conference in New York City… 

Mans a winner whether you like him or not and most games we've lost or drawn can be attributed to our lack of clinical finishing, not tactics.

Zags win, Empire play tonight, Season 2 of Attack on Titan premieres, and then out of nowhere, new Rick and Morty!??! Best Day Ever.

Dami ganap today - 1st anniv   IDV - Battle Royale workshop   PLS - Elections   GY - Isaw w/ Chups   - Mang Inasal   EPDV   #EmojiJeje

dad fucking daughter stories 

smh waken....baken .! chowing down sum overnight lobster i know this gonna put a hutrting on my stomach ,smh

A wild Totodile has appeared! Available until 14:39:21 (57m 12s) IV: 33.33 Move: Water Gun/Water Pulse. 

Short answer = Yes. Remember S9 E8 Apprentice UK shows it best  Or the movie #TheIntern 

I do not think parliament was the best place and institution to investigate this issue - Amuzu Tuinese #MorningStarr

1836 the age as one in which Britain "settled her free constitution" #tcspf4247919392dc019d5835d76535db9aa

That's like me posting thirst traps but being mad when mfs want some vagina, like G don't post no money if you can't spend it.   ‍

I like that show up at your house with flowers kind of love, that picnic at the park kind of love...

Watch The Exclusive trailer to "The Intro" off my upcoming mixtape #ONLYIFTHEYKNEWRELOADED 

  masterwalterblog: Forced miking and regular forced painorgasms is an essential part of the slavelife... 

I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve. -- J. R. R. Tolkien

It's interesting that relatable identity in this case and many others is presented as specifically white, male, heterosexual etc.

i almost forgot about my boy nicki and im gonna cry how could i forget abt this soft boy.... 

#sex videos fucking you tube g?rls sex 

"These Derps Will Turn Into Fierce Killers, But They're Pretty Adorable Right Now 

Doesn't asylum seeker redistribution amount to involuntary detention which is in contradiction to EU human rights? 

Sometimes I'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid

You may wonder why the actions that once earned you recognitio... More for Leo 

I can't believe I stan a bunch of idiots    

Sing like no one’s listening, love like you’ve never been hurt, dance like nobody’s watching. and live like it’s heaven on earth.

Vodafone volunteers creating a Chalk Area at Cape. Extending the use of the skateboard ramp. Used already.… 

3and4 BHK apts with double height living rooms and private #terraces that overlook lush #green cover of Koregaon Park.… 

A FUCKING JOKE 2017 VÍDEO GAMES ALL ABOUT SHIT AYAYAYAY WE CAN'T MAKE NOTHING RIGHT 

Podesta Brothers...seem they have a lot of secrets. Need to be seriously investigated !!! 

Sometimes your commitment to fulfilling your obligations is re... More for Taurus 

how,, did you come up with something as good as this??? like this NEEDS TO BE READ BY EVERYONE 

Satire is an art that some have down to a science... maybe now more than ever we need a BA in BS...  #BAinBS

Gael Clichy looks to gain extra edge ahead of Real Madrid clash as Manchester #LaLiga 

Get a GBP5 free bet every week with William Hill Offer Club -  

Come see us at the Community Wide Job Fair on Wednesday, April 12, 2017 from 11 a.m.- 2 p.m. at the Institute for... 

Cutie Veronica Avluv having her pussy fucked 

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

I think I went a little bit over board with colourpop when they had free shipping cause now I'm looking again my ba… 

#Snapchat #Reddit #Spectacles #Livebroadcasting 21 [F4M] wasting time at home tonight. Wanting some good company U… 

GORE BIKE WEAR Men's Sleeveless Road Bike Shirt, Lightwei...  

Bill you're in the No Sponsor Zone. How long you think your buddy Rupert will carry you? You'll be job hunting by m… 

RT'ing again because this is so fucking rad 

Been a while.....but here's episode 6 of the 'sweaty turbo diaries!' Not quite as sweaty, not… 

WPP Digital Advisory Board ; This quarter meeting our main topic is : User generated content 

I'm a proud husband and have been buying feminine products for years  It's just a natural part of life.… 

Stephen + Simon: Congrats to these gorgeous men on their wedding at the British Consulate. #samelove... 

Trade: Monster warehouse planned for Inland Empire amid e-commerce boom - LA Times 

The U.S. has begun war in Syria, and Trump is screwing around at golf  #SyriaStrikes #Syria

If you don't have it plat it. If you can't achieve it weave it. If you can't pursuit it glue it. Kodak Funny    

Selena Skye Degraded And Face Fucked 

Akogun Banji Ojo : My school of thought does not criticize, I believe the present government is doing her best,... 

Michigan's Best Sub Sandwich: All the links you need before Friday's noon deadline 

magazine on the floor at the gymnastics school so you know this place real as fuck 

#TharArch #G7Culture +1 Google Culture Inst. also often overstates tech, obscures that communities and context make c… 

EZVIZ Smart Home 1080p Security Camera System, 4 Weatherproof HD 1080p  

SandT Sports would like to congratulate Adrienne Storer for qualifying to Nationals. 

New Bill Filed: HB467 (CIVIL/PROCEDURE) by Charles R. Chaney (R - Rayville) #lalege 

Breaking News Punjab Food Department Jobs Enforcement Inspector B.A 17 Post Computer Opreator B.A 17 Post Data Entary Opreator F.A 132 Post

VIDEO of US warship launching Tomahawks against Syrian air base  

New post (John Williams) has been published on Fresh news -  

My Slut Wife Fucking Stranger from Online 

Signs You May Have A Dangerous Blood Cloth And This Is How You Can Get Rid Of It! 

Next up is the first actual Josie and the Pussycats issue/story, which is about Alexandra Cabot using her witchy wa… 

  BREAKING NEWS   ZAC EFRON AS OFFICIALLY BEEN CAST AS NIGHTWING/DICK GRAYSON AND WILL FIRST APPEAR IN JUSTICE LEAG… 

'We Must Fight Them': Trump Goes After Conservatives of Freedom Caucus Pronto solo va a pelear con el solo.    

drunk college freshman fucking 

#RulesAlwaysChanging unless we know each other, no compliments will be made, since it will be taken out of context, this may as well..

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

Please RT if you like!! #luxurycars #luxury #supercars #cars 2018 Mercedes-AMG GT R Coupe Gets Official… 

I feel like I'm being held hostage, yet this time it isn't against my will. I'm the one who keeps hitting play. #glee

They got us stuck at this fucking school and it don't make no sense.

Sarcasm prompted by my recent article pointing out that actual foreign policy as opposed to visas and words matter:… 

Please pray with us for our South African partners and friends along with the rest of the country in this... 

Click here to watch the movie:  Huge titted pornstar Amy Anderssen rubs her clit 

I'mma surprise Joëll with a visit today. :) It's better than him hanging around over here… sis gets all like a harmless, yet fierce kitten.

Mama June So Thin She Can Barely Keep Her Pants On (VIDEO + PHOTO)  

Amber Rudd has 'secret' talks with tech companies about stripping privacy    #Ironic #Privacy #Encryption 

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Kwanwa Small Bedside Battery Operated Only Vibran..." by Kwanwa.  #giveaway

Wealth is not in making money, but in making the man while he is making money. #WeWalkTogether #jointhejourney… 

Came home from training,tired wildly ! Go to the link-  

#Royal #realestate #confident Some good get worse, some good get better, but as good as one gets you cannot get better than the best.

Im sad i never got to see the undertaker live at one wrestlemania it would have been EPIC #Wrestlemania

Workplaces need to stop feeding their employees leftover/ old food Y'all want Great Performances But can't serve Quality Food

So fucking mad I just came across this post      

How do I overcome what I've read and seen in #13reasonswhy?! There is a part of me in this show, a part of all of u… 

who gave himself as a ransom for all people. This has now been witnessed to at the proper time. 1 Timothy … 

3 ways healthcare providers can protect themselves from cyber attacks  #HealthIT #CyberAttack 

I just seen some nasty shit on the tl 

I'm so fucking petty pt. 2 

Our agency's first ever job sheet - brought to you by 1983. #TBT #ILoveThe80s #TheThingsYouFindInAMove 

, the last thing they want is to get into another one, but that doesn’t mean that they don’t want sex.

Congrats to you both! Wishing y'all nothing but the best on your wedding day! Fact - only thing better than being s… 

Arousing rear muff fucking 

*frantically refreshing the results* Bf: what are you doing? Me: trying to make time go faster! #helsinki2017 #WorldFigure

I absolutely love that YuWoo are always next to each other and clinging onto each other when they're on their way to music shows ;A;

Just scrolled past this ad and thought this was an ice cream sandwich. #codeinebrain 

And fuck all the Doctors who have tried to force feed me medications and say there's something wrong w/ me and got mental disabilities!!!!!!!!

SOME OF YOU ANNOYING ASS "MEN" NEED TO LOOK THROUGH THIS AND TAKE NOTES #NeverAskAWoman

San Clemente: Larvitar  75.6% (12/7/15 - Rock Smash/Ancient Power - s:large) til 01:36:12(28m 14s). 

April is Child Abuse Awareness Month, but child abuse cases are all too common this month in San Antonio. 

Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Allentown, PA?  #freightagent #sales… 

Grin via Frank, a wistful fruit monger skillfully suffers.

Exactly!!!!!!!! I was like Wtf   ‍  ‍  ‍ this hoe dirty . She took both her niggas   

Junk is something you’ve kept for years and throw away few days before you need it. YASNER LIONHEARTVSummerBod

#NEWS #REUTERS Disappointing March sales weigh on U.S. automakers: U.S. sales of new… 

#BrevardCounty: Vehicle fire has NB Range Rd blocked at SR-520. Take Clearlake Rd as alt #orlando #traffic

One of my favorite memories of our first season of Pro football in China with the CAFL (LTmedia exclsuive... 

Check out my selfie with Janis and Damian! And babe l love it  

You might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie... More for Cancer 

mom fucking baby boys movies 

If you zoom in on the first picture you can see zekes first tooth   more pictures to come of it  

#scumbag Trudeau the useless idiot PM has to go !! #Trudeauhastogo #cdnpoli #Just3xit7rudeau 

Your to-do list is extensive today as you optimistically attem... More for Scorpio 

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

T'gatoi really just split this guy Bram's stomach right open    I really don't think I can do something like this in the future.

Altman Z-Score Analysis for Rio Tinto plc Sponsored ADR (RIO) #altmanzscore  

Jeff Bezos net worth has risen to $75.6 Billion .. he is now the 2nd richest person in the World ... and a man I g… 

I'm too fuckin sick to deal with this bullshit fucking hell

Keep yourself busy and the cash-flow flowing with part time jobs. Part jobs to be posted the rest of the day... #PartTimeJob #JSW #CashFlow

  YASSS It's time for a great show  bratzdoll17 :  hi  

WHAT?! I am a lesbian. It is my JOB to hate (cishet) men. I signed a damn CONTRACT.

TLC has finally announced the release date for their final (and highly anticipated) album. The Kickstarter-funded... 

Any MUA's or Hairdressers, Nail techs etc. Have an old/gently used or refurbished beauty storage unit... 

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? finance officer -  #SanJose, CA #Hiring

#bbcaa In France the country divides into 3 sectors, whose holidays are staggered - rotating which region goes first, each year

when your child is sleeping peacefully but you keep thinking they're crying so you're continuously checking on them like an idiot

#BreakingNews ‘Orange Is the New Black' Newlyweds Samira Wiley, Lauren Morelli Head to Disneyland Before Honeymoon 

im rly putting 2 n 2 together n realising without hearing young americans for the first time my music taste would be so different ily dave

IN everything give thanks, not FOR everything! Good comes from the Father of Light.. Evil comes from the devil, NO thank you's for that one!

#zoo turned into #sanctuary for animals from fur farms and circuses - harassed by veterinary inspector. Support… 

My baby turns 17 today. I am not sure where the time went but she is all grown up. She makes me… 

So if my baby fever could pipe the fuck down that'd be ideal considering I don't have a husband. Or even a bf. Jeeez.

8 Marketing Items Every Legitimate Small Business Should Have #Infographic Everyone knows that marketing is key to… 

Honestly, seeing pictures of myself now even though I'm not at my goal yet is so amazing. I look infinitely better already

Finished my last day (for now) as an SDE; Monday will be the beginning of a trial period as a User Experience Designer. Yippee! #TrialByFire

Outfoxed - Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism 2004 by Bob Sullivan; Glen Pearcy;  

Your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you... More for Gemini 

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

Black Desert New Class Striker and Airship Revealed -  

Koch Oil Sands Operating Letter to #AER Requesting Cancellation of SAGD Project ... -  #… 

Obama spied on US citizens Tortured Shamed people on what to think and say Divided us by Race Controlled media 100% b… 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Skank fucking the horny masseur 

Boy, I sure do hate this turtle-headed SOB. more than happy to give away his responsibilities. #SyriaStrikes 

Nothing can stop u If u wish to fight ... . . Copyright  souvikindiaphotography . Copyright … 

Hello friends, now that I have internet I was hoping everyone could link me to their blogs so I can follow y'all and keep up to date thanks 

39 sixes as Indian batsman hits T20 triple ton NEW DELHI: A little-known batsman made headlines across India on 

i am grateful that i got the tickets but thats fucked

Someone in charge of the executive branch ought to perhaps do something about it. 

It's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today... More for Aries 

Communication with family members and friends may seem constra... More for Libra 

Initial results are expected in 2018. Takeda's largest study brings dengue vaccine step closer  #dengue

the kids in my transmedia storytelling workshop are doing so good. they took a prompt i was stumped by and are pulling it together

13 Reasons Why is so good. It's different and unique vs the book and I love that about it. Both are different from each other and have their

Want to make the most of your #Northumberland holiday? Find an expert guide to show you the sights #ItsInOurNature… 

I remember going to wer n wild aloooomg time ago and we went on brain wash and somebody flipped out the raft and we didnt notice

We made it    Friday and the suns shining. I'm off to the gym, have a good day… 

I have no friends with the same music taste as me     if ya like classic rock and old school randb with a dash of 1D hmu

➟MASAKI YODA 2016/12 -thought(sample)(1/3 Quality)-  #Musik #japan #INFORMATION

Growing and engaging with the right tweeps - gained 12 new followers in the past week, courtesy 

Proficiency in reading by the end of third grade is a crucial marker in a child’s educational development. In the... 

episode 1 of 13 reasons why, already fucking with my head i can't

Yes yes! This is pure evil, under God's roof and it's should appall every Christian.    

I have just reached new 30 level in Mystery Manor! Be my guest!  #iphone #iphonegames #gameinsight

I'm fucking saturated beyond belief all I want rn is to watch Tobi, eat McDonald's and lie in bed

Legacy of war, death and destruction: it will take 40-50 years to clear #Syria, #Iraq of weapons; 3 generations! 

I AM AN IDIOT I ASKED MY MOM TO BUY SNICKERS BUT IT HAS NUTS IN IT FAMNN

I can't believe Kendall Jenner ended police brutality and white supremacy with a can of Pepsi not bad for a girl with no talent

There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth. Not going all the way, and not starting. -Siddhrtha Gautama

Puppies To Visit Newark Airport For Guide Dog Training (VIDEO) -   

Seth Rollins Returns to the Gym, Offers an Update on His Health Heading into WrestleMania, Reflects on The Shield 

Although you may swing into action early in the day with high ... More for Sagittarius 

Tottenham have to be the jammiest team I've ever seen relegate Swansea immediately lucky fuckers  #AFCvWHU #SWATOT

16 Stones by Mason D. Davis, Aubrey Reynolds, Ben Isaacs, Jarrod Phillips, Chan 

we fucked in the car lmfaoooo 

Lrt is so fucking me this semester don't call me out like this

#fucking pussy girls toxic hardcore 

Kurt Cobain Conspiracy Theories Remerge On 22-Year Death Anniversary: 4 Reasons Fans Reject Suicide Ruling… 

Facts yo oomf fucked my life all up 

If the blind lead blind both shall fall into the ditch #EnginAkyürek #Dağhan #ÖleneKadar Dağhan #SelDağ

if happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this. #dunoifthelyricsiscorrect #correctmeifiamwrong #sinGasongthatAdamsang

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

I cannot wait till the end of the year to quit this fucking job     

ABOUT FUCKING TIME [Liadrin's Fury Unleashed]  #Warcraft

Fortune favours the brave. Start now while competitors still ponder about contingencies!  

Aww, that’s CUTE: Kamala Harris tweets about defending values, is torched BADLY by Conservatives 

And so begins me yelling at the TV when the announcers say Gonzaga as if Spokane is fancy     #gozags

Senator Bassey Albert has done well with the mandate Akwa Ibom North East freely gave him –…  

I'm mad Tailor came out her room with that damn Winnie the Pooh

Favstar_Bot: thevickster_sa  Your tweet has been liked by 5 people.  

So thankful for a man that appreciates my love for baseball and makes opening day a big event at our house <EMOJI>️ #gocards

Shadow Shaman new meta. U can solo basically any core by level 7 with medalion. Hex> wards> medalion>max shackles. S I C K

Presenting my paper, "Geographies of the Pixel" this weekend at Technical Landscapes conference.… 

This Is The Result Of Multiculturalism: Stockholm terror suspect was known to police  

Worst feeling in the world is knowing that you aren't good enough for someone you would do anything for..

The heart is the antenna that receives the examinations of subtler levels of existence. The… 

Chelsea Genuine Signed 16x12 Photo Torres and Mata Chelsea Champions League COA  #CFC… 

I'm getting extremely frustrated cuz my WWE Network keeps glitching!! Idk if it's the network or shitty service, but it's pissing me off!!!!

Like my results should I have an impairment but my accomplishments didn't match that. Which is great.

Trending Worldwide Will the US missile strike be the turning point in Syria’s shifting war? 

I saw one the other day (if you see this I'm sorry) and I voted for you to shave your hair off. I also randomly vote winners of comp's???

#Telmi #Baseball | #sport | Twins get key hits, outs to sweep Royals: It wasn't quite the six-run outbursts the… 

Louis has finally found his forever home. It's a quiet environment which is exactly what he ordered. Check out... 

Gov Info Security | "Brexit Blues: UK Threatens to Cancel Security Cooperation" 

RIP Compassionate Conservatives. We barely knew ye before the evil took over 

These fucking butn scars on my chest is so ugly! I can't even wear a shirt without having it zipped all the way up or a scarf on.

HELL YEAH THIS HAD ME SOBBING LIKE CRAZY 

I think I miss winter season now,can it be June already. . . . . . .cant take this heat anymore. :'(

Spend more time working at your own goals and less time trying to find a partner. Your partner should compliment your life, not define it.

Steel Dragon Breeder! I just bred a Steel Dragon in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out! 

You prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg... More for Libra 

#ArtificialIntelligence #AI Baidu’s artificial intelligence learned English by learning to find apples in a maze — 

At Sixers facility right now learning and chatting with big brother/mentor. It's great to observe and watch big things happen over here

Thursday, April 6th from 6 til 9pm, join Houses of the Holy at Texas Harley Davidson in Bedford for an All Star... 

Day 21/56 23/60     My buns and legs are going to be sore tomorrow!    I  HIIT training!!… 

'Sheriff' Joe Loses His Attorney Weeks Ahead of Criminal Contempt Trial - The Ring of Fire Network 

#Hollywood #MAGAMarch Sam Bee’s ‘Not the White House Correspondents’ Dinner’ Will Toast the Free Press While We Ha… 

 “Felder: Fake Democrat” Progressives Shout To Be Heard By Conservative Lawmakers #NYCnowApp

"Ordinary sugar Preservatives Anti bacterial Anti fungal CMC (Food grade) Sauce pan   Mangoes" Ingredients for m… 

What a lovely day on #Pitshanger High Street. It's Great to see a busy local High Street with Great Shops ! #Ealing… 

(we do not take this free newspaper; last week someone came and asked to leave some, and I took one and asked a senior colleague.

Mind Gym: An Athlete's Guide to Inner Excellence (Unabridged) - Gary Mack, David Casstevens | ... #Sports  #Sports

This business report only accounts for 10% of my total grade yet writing it makes me want to die already this should be more than 10% man

Misty Stone Gets Fucked In All Positions 

Please RT if you like!! #architecture #design #architects #interiordesign 10 Steps to Simplify Your Firm's.. 

Sadly we will now never see a review by Darcus Howe. I should like to hear from others who know this period better… 

Comfy tank dress for an afternoon stroll along Rainbow Row    #liketkit… 

#texas rangers Even the newbie announcers sound better tonight. Looks like a good vibe kind of day. Go Rangers! 

WATCH: William Regal’s big announcement ahead of tonight’s NXT Takeover: Orlando  

#linux #netdev Re: [next-queue v6 PATCH 2/7] i40e: Introduce Port Representor netdevs and switchdev mode. 

I cried tears in my cup of Hennessy for these fucked up memories

Without a sumble butbreasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy..Normaz Vincent Peale

B B King and Eric Clapton - When My Heart Beats Like A Hammer  #VintageSoundPlaylist

I travel a lot and have often thought what a waste it is for hotel soap and shampoos. This is a wonderful organizati…

BLOG | Does the Herd Still Want to Short #Gold? #XAUUSD  

Part 2 Why Trump lies  Part 1 Our Dishonest President 

Morning slate was a bust, both Colorado and Detroit couldn't hit   4-2 on to tonight's slate! Get that green back

#GreatRepealBill Dacre/Murdoch terrify our Prime Ministers. They're really more powerful but UNELECTED politicians.… 

I love that my new job puts out credit card tips anda service charge in our paychecks cause I suck at saving money  

update: i can in fact afford p1 and still have some cash left over, feeling very blessed 

The Three Little Pigs - Joseph Jacobs | Kids and Young Adults |278336163  #KidsampYoungAdults 

it takes 2 seconds to credit an artist you dont know where its from??? dont fucking post it

Latest Tech News : CIA operations may be disrupted by new Wikileaks' data release - 

So y'all gonna be cool in 20 years when ever one looks the exact same, same tats, hair, make up literally everything ??? Really ?

Need people to bullshit with from 3:00-3:30 in the morning. Break is boring as hell.

Didn't ROBLOX say players would be banned if they hate on the true colors group?? Yet everyone is hating on it lmao??

Do they actually fucking think that Jen/Jared is a thing? Yes, marry these women, have children with them. History'… 

Successful Travel Advice That Won't Leave You Stranded: If you are preparing for business… 

Shut them up! That endless, mindless, defeating chatter has had it's day - but that day is OVER. Listen to yours! 

If I am an angel, I would accomplish my all task, project, all things that I should be done, in one time at the moment. If... If..  

FUCKING BREEZEBLOCKS IVE HAD THIS SONG ON REPEAT FOR MONTHS 

 320k gold right now. This guy is rich af. Not to mention latest weapon path way stronger than Raven weapon.

Being a mother is a job that has to breaks, vacations or time off. Especially from teenage twins who won't stop arguing. #needavacay

Accident, right lane blocked in #Middlesex on The Garden State Pkwy SB at X131 #traffic 

This is why girls give ugly niggas a chance. So they don't feel bad for cheating 

Anne Hathaway announces pregnancy, scoops paparazzi #AnneHathaway  #annehathaway

These bitches too damn stupid 

I used to always buy thrift goods and use them in my shoots. I love collabing with people, but I miss doing wardrobe and makeup too!  

It takes DEDICATION and PERSEVERANCE, but the End Result is a Happy, Happy life! Being PRESENT in your own LIFE, is a… 

Caleb reporting back on #foodsecurity: let's all plant a fruit tree to provide food, oxygen and more! #A2peaceconf 

Today #ontheblog I'm sharing the details of a fun N TX outing. You don't want to miss the… 

This video package is fucking me up.... dont do this to me... #Wrestlemania

Our DRESS IS HERE! Vibrant colors, summery pattern and made in Italy. Get it NOW with 20 EUROS OFF! #fashion… 

Dutch hooker creamed on after fucking 

2 days till our game vs greenhill at Clark! Meet Senior #7 Amanda McKee!!!!! 

Gothic Fairy with Pet Dragon 22inch Statue Stunning!!  

She was qualified in the sense that she is a perfect disciple of the terrifying traditions that young people are trying to reject

"Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than... 

 Freddie Sears on tonight's result.  ️ "It was a real team performance, and every player played to their maximum in the end." [#ITFC]

Announcing the general availability of Azure Monitor  

Auditions to be held for Dartford Young Musician of the Year between 4pm-8pm on the 3rd and 4th of May. The final... 

Oh he's fucking up drakes numbers 

My city just got blown thru by some tornadoes a couple months ago. I almost regret trying to help white people clean up right about now.

White House violated protocol by confirming Jared Kushner's trip before he landed in Iraq 

#Top_Stories Putin calls US airstrikes on Syria an 'act of aggression' - Daily Mail 

LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO!!!! #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump 

"In a relationship, you need somebody who’s going to call you out, not somebody who’s going to let everything slide. You need somebody who …

This was so shitty by kaws. I feel bad for the people that waited in line and didn't get to buy.

2 of the last 3 hip-hop albums I bought were Cuban artists. The other is Nappy Roots from 2002. Wow, how can that be? #hiphop

Year 2 were very excited doing all the different activities this afternoon. Will our egg crack open tomorrow and wh… 

Live Video: Tips and Techniques for Creating Great Content  #ExpertInterviews #Podcast… 

Saks fifth going crazy , spend it all on my lady   

I'm so happy to hear Lamar got clean and is working towards getting his wife back! Go Lamarrr Go Lamarrr!

Healdton 7 Asher 7 [Bottom 3rd] [0 Out] [0 balls] [0 strikes] ... No one on [P: #1 ] [B: #2 Bailey Larman]

Mar 26 Game Score: PW - State Farm Tina Bezaire-Red - 5, PW - CUPE 701-Powder - 6 

Hale Cup now running with a 15-minute delay to start times due to morning fog. Presentation will be 8pm tonight

#EmmaStone #Fashion EMMA STONE Authentic Hand-Signed "Ballons Super Cute" 11x14 photo (B)  

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

Two mobile phones with SIM cards seized from Barrack no. 22 of Hoshiarpur central jail. 

Hurray! I've completed the "Little Fluffy Terrier" quest in Mystery Manor game!  #ipad #ipadgames #gameinsight

Vegsplaining. Is this a thing? I find myself doing it more and more often, but I can't say I'm… 

Lamar Odom Admits To Multiple Affairs During His Marriage To Khloe 'Bitches And THOTS Came Out Of The Woodwork'… 

Number crunching for the past week - 12 new followers and 15 unfollowers. Stats via 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Why don't you two idiots go n fight against our CIA terrorists. Hope they rape you n cut your stupid heads off. May… 

Some of you may remember 9 years ago today was the finals of the 1st Annual Dirty Tones Entertainment DJ... 

You understand the importance of striking a balance between pe... More for Pisces 

Regime change has been SO successful in the middle east. Unending chaos and refugees is mission accomplished for glob… 

i wanted to get an acai bowl from banzai bowls but that shit was so packed :'(

Last pre-game photo- My #upcycled footboard sign that has traveled with me to each show. I have… 

“The setup of Firewatch is straight out of an old issue of the Paris Review.” 

CHAIRMAN PING YAN and WENG MING HOH.: Demand that Mr Ping Yan pressures the city to end the HORRIFIC ...... 

I always want more dogs... But then I spend 600$ at the vet in 1 week and I'm like nah I'm good with what I've got  

Vintage Stewart McGuire Oxford Wingtips lace up dark brown dress shoes 12" long  

#two girls fucking in the shower charmixxx 

Do something today that makes you grow. Stretch your boundaries and reach outside of the box. MATA TWINS TwinItToWinIt TMI

Testing and identification of Direct Fet with multimeter -- online laptop repair training LCIIT, - 

I lied. All I want is to be called babe by the person I call babe. It's the littlest fucking things

Comedian AY Celebrates Wife Mabel With The Sweetest Words As She Turns A Year Older  

If you ever hated on me... bitch naw I don't fuck wit you

Young woman accused of trying to abduct two-year-old child after dragging her away from her mum… 

Data assets in your organization are scattered, and data people are siloed. Eliminate Data Chaos. 

Actually, you aren't any different than anyone else in the world...a work in progress! 

nick obviously said something that prompted harry to reiterate he doesn't want to be a seen as a womanizer, so

ill probably watch videos in my rabbit room alone if anyone wants to join my room is open 

Don't subtweet me you conniving stupid idiotic bitch  

India, UK vow to fight tax evasion, up fin service synergy - Times of India via  #business

me: i like you crush: i like you too me: crush: happy April fools me: april: may: june: PUTA NAUNAHAN AKO APRIL FOOLS PA HAHAHAHAHAHA SMH

USPS Change of Address Online Now Offers Complete Moving Assistance for Free 

this quality of this and her eyes. consider me FUCKED up. 

Milani 50 Makeup Mixed Variety Lips Face Cheeks Eyes lot  

Greg Finck | Wedding Photographer Provence, French Riviera, Tuscany, Amalfi Coast, Ibiza, Formentera | A portrait… 

Gabriel on !!! Now we are fucked along with mustafi they are two of the worst CB in the league #COYG

tiener nudisten getting fucked 

And life of children terminated today as a result of Russian bombing with gas 

Scouting talent Bandung! For more info please jump to  

Security is not Brexit bargaining chip, says German defence chief  

How stunning is this art using the principles of Sacred Geometry? #SacredGeometry #Art #PrinciplesoftheUniverse 

I DO agree the all BM/Men are shit thing needs to chill b/c hyperbole is violent. Generalizations are violent. I don't fw all that.

Editorial: #Nebraska needs a strong focus on narrowing minority students' gap in postsecondary #education attainment 

Steriotypical mexicano with the brown skin Drugs, guns, illegal activities is is the poison that im downin

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

Never a dull moment is state #cleanenergy policy. Here are two key trends to watch in 2017. 

There's doctors out there who claim that eating a whole block of cheese each day isnt healthy. To them I say: Ill see you in like, two years

I have maybe half a days worth of booze left. The fuck am i gonna survive on for 2 weeks wheres the jim beam fairy when you need it

Lean raps and pill popping the wave to you young niggas. Oh well you deal with the consequences of ya actions.

The fact you have Calbito as a underrated wrestler you're just incorrect and fucking disgusting 

Russia critcal to ExoMars Project says Italian Space Agency Head  

Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot' | Reuters 

| Morgana i swear if you don't stop telling me to go to fucking sleep

'You look like a keeper, can I have your number and see where it goes'     maaaaatee it gets worse #indisguisephysco

You just said you wanted forever , but you suddenly left , you said it is unbreakable and you simply smashed it , you lied , you just lied .

I've been stress eating like hell tho it's awful I shouldn't

#WPC issues MPD 105: NORTHERN NEW JERSEY...NORTHEAST PENNSYLVANIA...UPSTATE NEW YORK 

You said isis is funded by US, etc.. But so? Muhummad was "FUNDED" by jews before he threw them out of their own ho… 

Convenience concept rolls into Broadway, deal done by CREG broker Sarah Alfano | #Retail #RetailNews #Denver #CRE 

Catch Shares Slow Down the #Race to Fish for Commercial Fishermen:  #fisheries #catchshare… 

Poor black person responsible for the demise of the one of the busiest hwys in an affluent part of town. Sounds abo… 

Cheers to #NationalBeerDay!   #Oregon #craftbeer wouldn't exist w/o Oregon #farmers! Read about Oregon hop industry… 

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

Career Coach: What you do at night says a lot about how you'll do in the day. 

If a bitch pussy bloody I ain't gone post it on the book he might have had a stomach virus

u know more than me, that's a fact   IMHO it was the maturity he showed when he won in WA and the comeback in the ro… 

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

I walk around with a chip on my shoulder and that's why imma get every fucking thing I want, myself

~sighs~ I hate when people resort to harassment and lying insults when I know a certain someone did not make all those accounts

Democrats are pushing for legislation that would require Trump and presidents after him...  

Guys would die for their fucking care wouldn't they 

Just found this on my phone. Apparently this is how I take mirror selfies when I'm drunk     #drunk #hoe 

#Washington (DC): The people U.S. President Donald J. Trump has chosen to lead his foreign policy team may... 

Waymo-Uber judge says may grant injunction if key witness takes 5th #tech  

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

Can't nobody convince me to go against GOD or make me hate their enemies. WTF I look like... Hell Fuck no. I don't give a duck about u peopl

Roots Canada brown leather large 22in duffle travel bag strap  

2012 GAME OF THRONES SEASON 1 Incentive Card Peter Dinklage As Tyron Lannister  #GoT… 

Jerry Brown defends local projects in road repair deal  what an idiot and thief. No bullet train no pet projects

60Plus MILF gets fucked by two guys on the garage floor 

Get as good as you can with the basics and improve breeding, Liam Delaney advices young beef farmers #AgriCareers

This why I hate when my guy friends catch feelings for me it make everything weird as hell after.  

Rainy Sunday afternoon working on laptop while watching a baseball game. Perfect sport while working because I don’t have to pay attention

We knew she was black, shes the one who said she didnt identify as black and was cool w/that until we challenged he… 

You could be quite tenacious today, clinging to a cherished dr... More for Scorpio 

"Who gives a freak what the heck some kid is saying" - Robin Lord Taylor about Haters 

They know they're wrong and they're afraid. It's the only reason that makes sense. 

Breaking: Russia Suspends Agreement That Prevents Conflict With American Forces In Wake Of Syria Airstrike 

Beauty Lady Rox Anal Fucking In Stockings 

HannaTheCrusader replied to: 2016 U.S. Presidential Elections [Donald Trump wins] 

Viewpoint: UK Prime Minister mentions of certainty and policy could ultimately affect Europe’s marine energy indus…… 

acmc_clock_amer: #Neptune is now (08h58m02s UT) rising at 13°03'02.9'' #Pisces conjunct #ascendant at Lima, PE

Wish people would stop fucking calling me Liam on a night

Tunisia is a real one      long live Assad the only leader actively fighting AlQaeda and ISIS      

Apply for the Bachelor of Fine Arts (B.F.A.) in Photojournalism -  - 

your daily reminder that aspec people are all valid and welcome in the lgbt/queer/mogai community if they choose to identify as such !!

I don't have to be at work till 12:25 and I legit woke up at 7 o'clock this morning. Wtf I just want sleeeeeeeep   

uhhhh first day of g4g was fun??? cody didn't lose a game at all and purposely goosed, what a time to be alive

So grateful to #asecs17 for the Jam-Pot travel award. Precious little travel $ available when btwn grad school andjob. Wouldn't be here wo it

1st HN Matt Dishmon kid closed gunshot wounds in a marine administered an IV and performed a chest decompression i… 

You may be not-so-secretly exploring a variety of strategies t... More for Aries 

I was going to try this today too! Damn how annoying, guess there's no linking to my blog posts anytime soon    

Photos from Liz Benson’s daughter’s traditional wedding in Akwa Ibom state  

I kinda doubt this will happen since they're not allowed in social media, im pretty sure they wont talk about it if ever they see them   

nigga who never been shot at before talking bout "it's survival of the fittest in these streets" foh

#OcUncensored April 22nd its about to be crazy #OrangeCrush2k17  <--- get tickets  13

He said you shooting blanks, I'm fucking cryinggggg

Pt2 Some outstanding netball and results due to the hard work and dedication by each player. Roll on next season! #aimhigh #PROUD #BBGNetball

if she left bcz she wants to host the show alone, I guess that's not fair, other kids want jobs akhomntu uzoba ne show yakhe yedwa

Me and my granny was talking about weddings i said I want a big wedding her come simone with her opinion  

I'm sure you'll have no shortage of suitors to help you with that given how gorgeous and sexy those legs are...and… 

I'm not able to save every life, it's just not possible. But sometimes parents decide to give the most selfless present and donate organs

Yeah I FUcked the one in the ""Banner Picture""............... thE FISH of cours

These ppl need to be restricted and controlled, via any means. Not for punishment or revenge, but simple political expediency.

And mi hate a bum bitch Mi really really hate bum niggas

Incredible powercell converts BODY HEAT into electricity  ^DailyMail 

JUST IN: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Boyle, Casey, Garrard and Lincoln County in KY until 11:30pm EDT. #kywx

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Fucking jo, then that babe lowers her gazoo onto my schlong and finishes with anal 

Run for the bus...just miss it. Sprint to the next stop to catch it...catch up...knock on the window as it is about to pull away....No #337

God, how I want to feel the #cock inside yourself ! Push,don't be shy  

NASA's GEOS-5 never really backed off a mostly #hot #Arctic for #April..Looks like low Arctic Sea Ice should contin… 

Social activities may be on the calendar today, but you aren't... More for Virgo 

US teen pleads guilty to 2015 IS-inspired plot to kill pope  

FLASHBACK – John Kerry Claims Syria Rid 100% of Their Chemical Weapons Due to Obama Admin Efforts… 

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

there's something really fucked up about recreating a meme that you remember seeing but can't find anywhere online 

I turn 21 on the 21st of July and I think that's just the universe telling me celebrate extra hard #GoldenBirthday

Republicans will win the fight over Neil Gorsuch, but some worry they’ll regret how they did it  TIME

They have a deal. It's a shit one. But they have a deal. What a mess. Watch them now ram it through if Malcolm actually signs up. Terrible.

Believe your beliefs .. Doubt your doubts, if not you will ... Doubt your beliefs. - Rich Simmonds #quote

I'm going to be hanging in South Side during the day for the second time in one month. I don't know who I am anymore.

and' guess what ya'll!!! He got the job and' he just paid for their stuff yesterday!! She was sooo excited!!   

Holtby looks like he's about to drop the most annoyingly catchy pop folk single of 2017 

Big Brother Now Offers Suggestions to Make Messenger More Useful, Seamless and Delightful for M. Zuckerberg 

-18-year-old girl who went viral for putting her Virginity on sale finally sells it for £2 Million (Photos) 

im supposed to contact this website but their contact info is no where to be found on the website 

Here's a look at how #enzymes can help save water in the #textile industry on #worldwaterday #Zymer… 

Benefits Specialist - Brockton, MA 02301, US #jobs #Brockton pls RT: We are looking for Benefit Specialists to… 

if riff raff and pouya went in on a track together the fucking world would explode 

I fucking hate Courtney and Bryce from 13 reasons why like she is deadass trying to justify a rapist Girl bye

The Most Shameful Prom Pics of All Time! I hope your prom pics didn't look like this. 

We are all proud of your hard work and grinding, you have so much potential and I know your future is being due to… 

Even best stock pickers can’t beat the smart beta bots: Big data, technology and investors’ demands for lower fees… 

Why is Trump attacking the Freedom Caucus? Simple: They won, he lost. Da. Orange One not big picture guy. Is moron. 

Berg Insight ranks connected pallets as the most promising greenfield IoT application enabled by LPWA technologies 

Fucking censorship at its finest fucking  

L I V E THE HYPE IS UPON US! !winners announced today ALSO !shirt  

That’s why, um, today I’m in a good mood, so I guess I really will say it. I’m sorry for making you worry. Thank you, “Onii-chan.”

Glyphosate contamination will cause 50% of children to be autistic by 2025  #health #autism… 

Really like that IT Movie Trailer. Really Really Really. Can't wait for that movie! 

Out of all the times I thought I would've cried on this show I came really close at crying at Ian breaking up Mickey

1990 BMW M3 Base Coupe 2-Door 1990 BMW E30 M3 Sport Evolution - Black/Anthracite (1 of 600) - Classic Car… 

#Gillingham #Maidstone #Kent Coral launches new Live Casino with great Bonus offer  

My little sister just sang: "Im the king of the castle and you're the dirty rascal" And I realised my childhood is vanishing before my eyes

Access latest #CIEHF recomm on management of risk in complex socio-technical systems #safetymanagement #whitepaper… 

Christian persecution, globalism takeover, and truth being called "conspiracy theory" Signs are everywhere.  ^

Black Series Minimalistic approach for the modernized men, the Black Series is versatile and… 

Completed Assignment re Recruiting, Selection, Onboarding Project. #Consulting 

Ayo that's fucked up , I woulda had someone help him 

Shook Ones: Trump “Rider” Omarosa Postpones Her Wedding Over Death Threats? - 

I have an amazing ability! I find objects just before people lose them. The police, however, call it theft.

do my best to do nice things and be there for people who aren't ever there for me and it just gets thrown back in my face, ha not anymore

Another successful Crafty Cafe today for P3 pupils and parents.Well done P6a! 

EVENING SPACE UNICORNS!!! UNCANNY MAGAZINE, THE THOMASES, and TWO UNCANNY STORIES ARE HUGO AWARD FINALISTS!!!… 

Fucking neighbours drilling the wall at 9PM, chokeeeeee

Italy's traffic cops have a new weapon: a police-modified 200 mph Lamborghini  by #CNN via… 

Who says the shapes MUST go INside the box? #playmatters #finemotorskills #simplyfun 

Happy National Doctors Day to all the kind and caring healthcare providers. Who is your favorite doctor?

When u repet a same mistake in your life it becomes ur habit.. And bad habits never let u win. So just filter ur system nd adapt new things.

Sponsored:Share Your Passion Create a professional website and start blogging today... 

When a Parent's Malicious Behavior Interferes with Child Visitation in Lancaster County, -  

More 2Yeon x V App moments and I only just got round to watching the black pork one lol 

Absolutely love when 2 people talk dirty to each other while having sex. Especially when eye contact can be made. Happy titty Tuesday.

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

I don't care how old I am Hawaiin roller coaster ride on the Lilo and stitch sound track is my fuggin jam

My mans Caillou never even made it to age 12, his pops killed his bratty ass. 

 The abject insanity of the liberal left is no laughing matter. These dangerous tyrants are in positions of power,

Cease charging rape victims – DOVVSU to doctors  #StarrNews 

This 17-Year-Old Girl Singing Hallelujah Into A Well Is Going Viral Because, Well, Just Watch It | Bored Panda 

#Canberra #CBR Clubs play with heavy hearts to remember mate #CRRL #RugbyLeague 

"The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it." (Oneness With All Life) #EckhartTolle #InTheNow

How did the wrong episode of #Girls get uploaded and the shortened episode of #TWD get uploaded as well        #TWDFinale

Wait Til You See What Happened To These 25 Places Once Humans Abandoned Them. #6 Is Terrifying. 

McLean Gardens #ward3, focus on the homeless shelter, which is an A-Bomb, Wegmans A+ 

Pictured: General Tso Chicken             Kinda in love with this homemade delight. Nothing… 

babe fucking lingerie photo wearing 

There's nothing like throating multiple hung men to get your #cocksucker confidence level waaay up. My neck is stretched. #threesome #freak

I can't go to bed because I don't remember how Saved by the Bell's Vegas movie ends and for some reason 9:30 me wanted to watch it. #sleepy

Spoiler alert:Charlotte's going to be a 5 time SD Women's Champion by the end of the year 

People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. KISSES NewTrendsetter

It's now way in line with what the UI Apple uses in iTunes for the longest time. 

Are you near Canandaigua? Visit Jay S Potter General Insurance, more informations at  #CANANDAIGUA #INSURANCE

"He can't do stupid things without congress approval" bitch look at what's happening now

If you said somethin' hurtful to someone, don't forget to apologise, you hear? You'll both feel better about it in the end.

#HandsOffSyria you ZIONIST #Warmongers - you have already helped US destroy most of Middle East. 

Imagine if horoscopes weren't fake as fucking sin.

4 White-Hat Link Building Methods That Aren’t A Complete Waste Of Time #startup  …

There is only one thing I'm conceited about and that is my comebacks, I could roast anyone at any time

Acca Insurance: Money back if one selection lets you down! Terms:  

Katie's hands or Mel's legs? — Are you fucking kidding me stephannie 

God, how I want to feel the #cock inside yourself ! Click,don't be shy-  

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > Cheo ngủ .  

Sigala feat. John Newman and Nile Rodgers - Give Me Your Love sur  | #AdofunWebradio

Awhhh your crazy ass still remembers me   every time I share my memories about Journey's I always bring you up   

Excellent firms don't believe in #excellence only in constant improvement and change ~Tom Peters #leadership 

You might have trouble expressing your feelings today, but no ... More for Taurus 

How many followers do you get everyday? I got 4 in the last week. Growing daily with 

Lmaoooo. I fucking hate you this guy.      

Travelpics: Sandy Beach And The City Silhouette by  #travel #ttot #travelpics #TeamCanon 

On May 1st immigrants and allies will show our power and resilience! I will #RiseUp. Now it's your turn: 

Lol gon sleep early today since my mom told me that the reason why I stay up all night bc all I do is chat with someone which is so not tru

Next time you’re at a SV party and someone waxes poetic about a future with automated legal systems, start describing… 

They're gonna kill the filibuster and get they ass fucked up after mid-terms. Dumbasses. 

I dont understand when people follow u and u follow them back and then they unfollow u, do people really care bout the # of followers they have?

I found at whilst at work (at a club) because I could see them getting off... then found out it wasn't the first time either...

Why yes...yes I can..I'm in college... I've survived on $10.30 for two     ‍ 

If you love someone you should never have the intention to make them feel bad even when on bad terms

"She had me get out the cat like" BITCH why that sounds so wrong omfg I hate myself  

Twice this week, I found and called vendors through VConnect only to discover that they've closed down...what's happening?  God help #Naija

And the MS guy won't take IHS... lost my insurance when I lost my job. I'm suing them but it takes so long 

Eyes are seriously killing me today. Driving, bright lights, trying to focus on things. What a rough one!

me: i wanna have a nice chill time with frens for my birthday also me: *hates self and is bad at initiating plans*

Sheryl Crow Checks the Mirror, and Plays What She Sees  

The transformation of Leontes in TWT: he sees material exteriorization, as a type of death; saved by recognizing his kinship with H's statue

"Being imperfect doesn't disqualify us from serving God; it just emphasizes our dependence on His mercy!" #truth

Heat 6 Lambert rounds the pack to Join Holder at the front to snuff out the Rockets for a massive 7-2 happy days!

ECBs Knot: Should Bring Forward Tapering Only If Economy Performs Better Than Expected - RTRS 

UWanna know how l got these scars? It's trying to Get With the Democrat's program, whatever that may be, w/no clue! 

If you're looking for a job in the smart home industry, check out our jobs board for all the latest vacancies 

Feeding is a very important ritual for me. I don't trust people who don't like to eat. Gina Gershon #ginagershon

Here's What Happened When Tony Robbins Retweeted Me (Lessons in Influencer Marketing) 

Public Health: Republican Health Proposal Would Undermine Coverage for Pre-Existing Conditions… 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I just smashed a 20 ball run in Straight Pool in Real Money Pool! #RealMoneyPool #9ball  

Once You See Lady Gaga Rockin' These Denim Boots, You'll Want a Pair For Yourself  

#TheIndiaNews24 #IndiaNews #NewsIndia Sussanne Khan, Gauri Shinde to be feted as women achievers 

One of my favorite pastimes is getting up in the morning and then going back to bed for a little bit with a fresh face of makeup on.

What a great #Doodle4Google! Sarah is right: All global citizens must work together to seek a secure peace with fre… 

Girl fucking her punk boyfriend 

can someone please explain to me what the need for 10 movies about cars is? like what's so great about the fast and the furious series??

New York Sideboard, Reclaimed Wood, Unique Piece, Restoration Hardware  

Which makes total sense and I don't blame them, but right now it's inconveniencing me, and that simply won't do.

This is why I fucking hate April 1st. People pull stupid shit. And for what? What's gained by this besides irritation?

My Family Says I Talk In My Sleep But Nobody At Work Has Ever Mentioned It. TANNER SUMMER HOTTEST TMI

When you send out an absolutely fucking fire starter 

That so called bff of hers is a pathetic jealous baby bitch

Then realized how fucked it is literally all I can think about today  

"yoga is about learning to stumble, to fall, and to pick yourself back up again." 

Well that is fucking awful. 

Yes, but it has become so important to the girls and you're happily milking it 

the best April fools jokes are the ones where people tell me to have a good day 

Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak, courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. #entrepreneur… 

#Breaking: Two White House Officials Helped Give #Nunes Intelligence Reports 

Day 3 of #CIFest17 is upon us. Taking this time to consider how to make use of all I've experienced this weekend.

There's a lot of we going on in the news lately News and social media: we bom-- Me: 

Definitely the best weather for doing my 5K   After the winter and that crazy darkness this is… 

Visit #LadramBay in #Devon this #summer: beautiful and great fun for all the family #familytravel… 

The shortest route to high earnings is b going straight through the challenges you encounter. #success #motivation

Making waves: Spanish ship off Gibraltar heightens UK tensions  #TEAMFOLLOWBACK

Dakota with Chase, Addison and Cassia in Florida (Mar. 31st)   #DakotaJohnson (6) 

Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner remain beneficiaries of a real estate and business empire worth up to $740 million… 

Nobody ever mentions the things Middle Eastern's go through. Nobody is reporting what's going on in Syria.

After 78 Days in Office, Trump Finds Way to Bring America Together: Bomb Syria 

Me: I'm gonna be healthy let's do this #fitness. Me: brings mcdonalds to the gym 

JUSTIN SEAGULL I HATE HIS ASS JFOFNDKDN 

 just posted #ecityfungist: Lifestyle: The biggest surprises and snubs of the 2017 Oscar … 

(Ronaldo, Neymar and 3 other rich athletes who own craziest private jets (photos/Video) 

BBC News - France election: Le Pen and Macron clash over Europe in TV debate 

YEAR! Everything Is Alright Baby Baby!! Give It To Me!! Gimme All Of Your Love!! ✞GIMME ALL OF YOUR LOVE !!✞

Meghan Trainor Secretly Undergoes "Tough" Second Vocal Surgery  

think of the world as an ocean. bro i am just a turtle. a fucking turtle riding a wave. im just here bro. just here riding the wave

Minecraft: Masters of Minecraft - The Awakening - Terry Mayer |...  #Programming 

Charlotte Stokely and Dillion Harper: Luscious Girls #sexylesbians #lesbians see more at ---->… 

#debt #money: Samsung Investigation Reveals New Details About Note7 Battery Failures 

Definitely some goods out there! Loving these late season freshies, we highly recommend you get on the mountain.... 

The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. - Chinese Proverb

I'm in love with this but I clearly missed the part where he actually asked lmao 

We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Systems Integrator -  #Government… 

If you were wondering, my genetics are exceptional. A genetic counselor said so. Not sure where I got so broken, in that case.

If I don't wanna do something no one's gonna change my fucking mind

Happy 4th birthday to this wonderful little boy that I am lucky enough to call my nephew. I… 

Live your life to the fullest! Turn regret into action. Break negative cycles of hurt and start helping yourself and others.

Can any nation, including Russia be taken seriously when it's spokesman is sporting a moustache? 

Ruger GP100 .44 Special : Elmer Keith Would Have Loved This Gun - Youtube #guns 

My day was amazing, thank you for all the birthday wishes and to everyone that made my day, I am truly blessed to have you in my life.  

I'm fucking irritated it's always fucking something bro I swear

On April 6, 2017, PNP pers of this station launch the Police Assistance Desk to ensure safe and secured travel of m… 

Raod to Eldorado - dreamworks (2000) -this was a film about a poly relationship - miguel and tulio were fucking don… 

MayandBrexit: to lose Scotlnd may be regrded as a misfortune; to lose NIreland looks like carelessness; losng Gibralter is sheer inefficiency

I've always wanted to #write a sandbox world inspired by Soylent Green. It'd take a *lot* of work to adapt it and build a worthwhile setting

Now I just wanted to say I can't fucking stand roman

#BBNaija tboss after she couldnt sing the national anthem: Im trying to fucking with that 25m and people and fuck… 

#TomeTopple Day 1: As voted by you lovely people, my first book will be The Secret History! 

REMEMBER WEHEN I PRETENDED TO BE REALLY INTO ANKH/EIJI TO MAKE FUN OF KR SHIPPING AND THEN I WATCHED GAIM

Have you seen today's weather Grandma? Yes, dear. It's cloudy with a chance of shut your fucking pie hole. Grandma is: OG Weather Girl

Home Made Porn In The Bedroom Her Sucking And Fucking 

History thoughts: It just occurred to me, on the day JFK was assassinated, he was wearing a back-brace. He physically couldn't duck.

My followers live in 19 countries: UK.(65%), USA(22%)...  Get your free map! 

Finish 13rw anf try to go on with my life because that show fucked me up so bad. I should have known. I was depressed for months after readi

"There is no better friend than a sister, and there is no better sister than you" #sistertime… 

Deep in the jungle on our Northern #Vietnam motorcycle #adventure! #photography #lp 

uber driver: sorry your dance night was a bummer. Me: I'm finxta have a dance party in my living room right now. Him: ok maybe I'll come by.

One of my favorites is the Pose Dedicated to the Sage Koundinya because it made my mixtape so fucking flame. #Yoga

'Working class kids aren't getting a free pass into Oxbridge – they just finally have the chances they deserve' 

sucking a fat dick and the bitches cheer on like crazy 

Dave Roberts believes #Dodgers have opportunity to rebuff 'narrative' of not being able to hit left-handed pitching… 

Every time I gave a fuck, that fuck, fucked me over. and fuck fuck fuck tang ina fuck oh my !! !*(!*^*and^#

Murdered Jumia delivery man identified, His wife says: “Our children are still expecting their dad... 

And just like that we're back to 40's here in Indy   Looking at the bright side of things I can… 

IM FIGGITY FIGGITY FUCKED UP BOY YOU GOT ME FUCKED UP

Cheating service seems totally chill with losing $8.7 million lawsuit against Blizzard  

How awful. I am moving country but am taking my beloved pets with me. I do hope Sheba finds a new home. 

Aletta and Audrey fucking a position at a office 

#WSPTAconvention hotel cutoff has been extended to 4/7!!! Talk w/ your PTA leaders about room-sharing options. 

#SocialMediaPicks 39 questions with Google at SMX West - Ever wanted to hear answers to your SEO questions stra... 

With such a tight supply of housing in #lasvegas, going in with the minimum won't get it done. 

#dirty sex talk to a guy teens getting fist fucked 

Do you block people because you know you're guilty? Can't take the heat? Shouldn't have played the game.

Explained - why China is so angry about Dalai Lama's trip to Arunachal Pradesh 

It was so good to meet you today :') you're super nice and talented, loved talking to you Hopefully i'll see you a… 

The man on the right is a Canadian Terrorist, responsible for enslaving an entire generation of citizens with debt. 

It’s a little like deciding to hide inside a smokescreen and choosing mustard gas for the task.… 

What a fucking line-up by Conte! Let's do this! 

We have had troops on the ground fighting Isis in Syria but no more were added in last night's actions. #TheFive

EUR/USD consolidates weekly losses below 1.0700 after being rejected at 1.09 |  #forex #EURUSD

6 people followed me and dozens of people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I was so afraid of them finding the audios! Fuck allkpop !

i don't think my phone understands that food exists, it autocorrects it to something different every time.

I ain't lookin to give myself more often so I can sleep in and be lazy garbage for the day I gave up.

Muahahaha! It's all part of our #altfacts agenda! While the #MAGA idiots sop up our BS, we #evillaugh all the way t… 

FUCK WHO R U? WE R FRIENDS FROM NOW ON! I NEEDA HUG U! 

The brutally honest story of what happened after this man's transformation:  

I am live to do some road racing tonight! Come hang out and get ready for some entertainment! 

Busty brunette Jessica Jaymes gets fucked 

Guess who's mornings not going to suck tomorrow because he's fucking espresso machine is a piece… 

A Play about Parkinsons Disease Diagnosis   #parkinsons

Exactly. Save it for when it actually is desperately critical, i.e. if RBG, SGB or AMK seat is in play. 

Live look in at potential MVP candidate Kawhi Leonard and Danny Green after facing Klay and Steph last night 

Everyone fucked her over and she didn't deserve it 

DO YOU NOT REALIZE THATS A SELF DRAG YOURE IMPLYING UR FAVS CANT WRITE FOR SHIT AND HAVE TO BUY PEOPLE TO DO IT 

when you realize that you are not going to #basicallyhappytour and Jacob won't follow you 

  badazzboii: It’s so big      REBLOG NOW!!   KIK-Kevin_1876 ☛Reblog and Like To Support☜  Submit Pics... 

It's odd that as the weekend approaches you should start to fe... More for Leo 

#rakhi sawant nude kerala girls nude fucking pic 

I find myself in shitty position of dragging my sick self out to a show because I have 4 people's tickets and no one seems to have a printer

Kayla KO fucking her study partner 

I miss Abel and Selena!! Can they just reunite and fucking bless me

I have a huge favor to ask, to find out more please swipe left and show me some love  with your 3rd used emoji.... 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Q: How can you tell a tough lesbian bar?� A: Even the pool table doesn't have balls 

I love Jon but I'm tired of everything being centered around him when Bran is so important to the storyline as well

Izzy died today. Mom is friend of my wife. My brain has trouble processing this;so much more imp than petty politics 

Arsenal v Man City team news: Mesut Ozil makes first start in six weeks  (Source: 

everyone is in apollo or pth I have a shitty day/am in a bad mood

I hate how I never learned how to get to places I've always traveled but I still don't know where I am

Obama Says "Not Hey Barry Not Even a Smidgen of Corruption? Ah come on. Still hiding in Tahiti? 

the looks you get being in a wal mart in Alabama wearing a Tennessee shirt... you would've thought I had 2 heads me.

I Used To Get 25 Migraines A Month. Here's What I Did To Dissolve Them  #Migraines 

Real Hip Hop Returns On This Beat Hip Hop Police Let Me Know What You ThinK! 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Do you have any plan to hangout this Easter? Get your groove on w/ Runtown - One Night Only  

i talked about it to my speech class and i started crying and not. one. person. helped. no one. everyone acted like nothin happened.

hillary scott is a filthy fuckin fuck pig 

"Blanny loves it when I call her that... You can tell from the angrily blushes and explicit language. That's how you know, hmhmhmhm~"

Captain America Chris Evans reveals, Robert Downey Jr may quit Iron Man sooner than you expect 

Fuck off!! Where's Hoops?!? 

And if comment ur favorite YouTuber and I will also reply 

"Our|challenge and opportunity is to turn atmospheric carbon into water-holding, fertility-enhancing soil organic mattel!"

I think immaan hamman has the same hair type as I have and I can't wait to my hair to grow like hers

She screams in pain, gripping the sides of the chair tightly in pain. Once the process was over, her head slumped f… 

New music from Gil Scott Heron's 13th and final studio album. "Me and the Devil". 

I'm over the fucking moon we've cleared up the definition of an act of war. Now, about that slap on the wrist we just gave Syria.

A new project we are starting to help people get more from their fitness inline skating experience. We've... 

Badass chick casually dominates arm wrestling match (Video):  

Shoutout to the old man who performed my surgery n the guy who gave me medication that made me feel like I was floating #NationalDoctorsDay

In the driver seat today.. Lol. Takin a quick rest break... And enjoyin some sun.. Before heading on to FL...

Create awareness for peace: Dalai Lama - Assam Tribune  #Guwahati #Assam #AssamTribune

my dad left craigslist up on he was looking at a baby stroller and a pair of jordans, should i be worried??????

Bonnie McKee on Gold Gate Bridge bought a Dragontown by Alice Cooper (CD, Oct-2001, Eagle Rock/Eagle) via eBay… 

RealityJunkies Peta Jensen's Tits and Pussy Fucked 

IF true: NOT illegal.. since when does is a (then elected) US Commander in Chief answer to anything but… 

I just don't understand why western civilization liberals want Sharia Law. Islam does not want to mix but rule. America Wake Up

All faculties of the Peradeniya University will be closed until further notice, due to a fever epidemic: Vice Chancellor RB

Floral needn’t mean fussy – here’s how to wear flowers with a little more edge:  

MY NIECE STARTED HER FUCKING PERIOD! THE WORLD IS ENDING

Why don't girls just wear a fucking thong to the lake if their going to shove their bikini bottoms up their ass crack to show off their ass

I'm so lucky for having her in my life, she's the only one who can make me feel better and happy by a smile from her 

BET NOW with #Coral and get Bet GBP5,GET GBP20 free bets -  

Always knew this, but I am just now beginning to understand and apply it. I know big things are… 

Trump's Syria strike celebrated by 'terrorists', Iran says  

#funfact The ancient Greeks believed that the amethyst  protected them from becoming drunk 

There's always those annoying ass edgy people that are like "oh everyone likes that   well let me hate it   "...bih no one cares

Property dispute: Man guns down in-laws in Faisalabad  

A family emergency has come up, and I might be absent through the weekend, sooo I kind of have an idea for my Patreon.

Another man bought me a cup of coffee at 1 am when the coffee place wouldn't take my cash. That was nice I guess.

The Co-operators is looking for a qualified Director, Risk Identification and Integration. #BETTERCAREER 

Any conservative who says he's against this is a coward and should get a pussy hat like the pathetic wretch he is. 

The CJ2 #privatejet typically has a 4-seat club section just aft of the entry door, + two forward facing seats in t… 

Can you guess the top 10 cities where “downtown” is making a comeback?  

I think i fucked up again...CONGRATULATIONS ANGELA, CONGRAT-FUCKING-ATIONS

It could seem like there are invisible boundaries in place tha... More for Aquarius 

girl who cried while getting fucked 

Elderly Chicago Man Shot While Watering His Lawn  AND THESE ARE THE IDIOTS MOVING TO NEVADA NOT MY PROBLEM

Gonna act persistent with women cuz that's how apperently these ugly niggas get them    ‍

Sitting here making a list of petty things I could do if you fucked me over... #thetruthalwayscomestolight

Hurt for my mans Wayne, one of the greatest screwed by a nigga he called pops smh     

#writerstip Find your own voice. While you may love how someone writes, it rarely sounds authentic when imitated.

I NEED PERRIE AND FUCKING HARRY TO MAKE A DUET TOGETHER THEIR VOCALS WILL LITERALLY SEND ME TO A ROLLERCOASTER TO HELL AND HEAVEN !!!!

I talk a big game about shooting your shot but I've only shot my shot like 4 times in the past 3 years and it has all ended up going badly

78% of people want Wenger Out.High percentage, yes.But actual people that voted him out was 390 - a very low number #LiesDamnLiesandStatistics

Still Time To Fund A Roth IRA For Your Underemployed Millenial  #SecureWealth #MoneyManagement

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > Eiya Jasmine.  

Getting drunk with my grandma at my sister's post-wedding rehearsal dinner lmao this is turning out to be a chill weekend

#whatsapp deepthroat #pornography my #cam lingeriemovies >>>  

Napo Pharmaceuticals has made good on its promise to take Jaguar Animal Health back: 

+ sleepless nights and nightmares, the changing moments. 1:03AM — It overcame me. Why was I alone? Where was everyone ? Where was my +

I'm not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money - Lord Acton #quote #business

Why is this one mosquito in my house fucking me up all over!?

When we take pride in our identity as labels, we disrespect ourselves as Human Beings. We lose our Self-Respect, Sel…

Kellyanne Conway: The MSM is Purposely Silencing Trump’s Success — Do You Agree? -  

i do not understand why she is on msp when her FUCKING HEAD IS BLEEDING 

uh probably finish my got7 and shinee collections and buy a cosplay and sum makeup nd some clothes i guess lol 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

You're known for your resilience, and you're apt to put it to ... More for Capricorn 

Microsoft launches Sprinkles, an iOS photo editing app that uses AI to suggest photo captions based on subject'... 

Holy shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The Hardyz are back! New Day just welcomed them back at Wrestlemania 33… 

One Killed, One Injured In Citrus Springs Crash — Citrus County Injury Attorney Blog 

Your mcm is a Sunni degenerate who whines about Trump's "Islamophobia" everyday but supports his attack on Syrian troops

New post: Analysis: The biggest question about attacking Assad is: What comes next? 

I always say this and have a boring ass summer. 

Setting oxidation times for batches of tea, based on dry bulb / wet bulb temperature readings and leaf quality.… 

At my college we get to do presentations on our fav bands and get assigned to go see a concert, what do you get to do?

With everything at stake and the #Celtics only here to watch the #Cavs play! SMDH Not quite ready for prime time huh? #CavsCeltics

"And the same days that I'm happy Is the same days that I'm mad Cause I can't go 24 hours without shit happening to my ass, get high" <3

Both of my babies are going to be with their ddads'the weekend. I will miss them both! I'll be Facetiming Caiden 24/7

Do you know an amazing allotmenteer? Nominate them for our Scotland's Best Gardener competition!… 

The annual Short Story Day Africa Prize is set to open for submissions on June 1, 2017 

Parmesan cream sauce, roasted chicken, spinach, mozzarella blend. Seriously, seriously… 

OH MY FUCKING GOD EARL SWEATSHIRT AND DANNY BROWN ARE GOING TO PERFORM IN DUBAI BUT THE EVENT IS 21+ FUCK MY LIFE

Head's up #spoonie pay pal's, go fund me's and amazon beggers. Over 30 yrs corp law. I know how to find you. F off or… 

#Iran: Worn-Out Schools Threatening Lives of #Students.  

All this "break" has done is breaking my back hunched over looking at my laptop screen trying to do this damned Assignment. 

Hydrogen production: This is how green algae assemble their enzymes | FuelCellsWorks 

Just went out for a walk and met the world's most annoying man. Don't leave the house without headphones in future.

affordable wind news PTC India boosts wind portfolio   …… …… …… ………… 

Yo you're literally stealing HELLA of my tweets. Could you fucking not? 

Donphan (75.56%/12/14/8) has appeared 508m (SE) away, til 23:49:19 (59m 25s). 

Eradicate typos before publishing. Hire a professional proofreader at an affordable rate. 

A bitch stay calling me ugly but won't stand infront of a mirror   

Maria just turned down Zac Efron dick im disgusted

[Walter]: Ya see? Nothing’s fucked here, Dude. Nothing is fucked. They’re a bunch of FUCKING amateurs...

Research confirms that melatonin could prevent sepsis, top cause of death in #sepsis #sepsis  #sepsis

RadioHits 100000Hits !,Bad Boys Blue A World Without You(Michelle)(Remix) , Click and Play ! 

Couple bitches had me fucked up had to learn how to be a savage

sir can you please explain about your mallustar brother #allusirish performance 

Give me coffee to change the things I can change, and Wine to accept the things I cannot. 

You're more interested in the act of creation today than you a... More for Gemini 

!!! Like fr tf y'all praying for? New bridges and some electricity after a storm? 

Trump: ‘My Attitude Toward Syria and Assad Has Changed’  

East Midds Traffic A45 eastbound within the A509 (south) junction | Eastbound | Road Works  Drive Safe All

Columbus,Oh Female artist Bridget Turner oil painting,Franklin Park Conservatory  

You're on a roll today and everything you encounter seems to a... More for Leo 

7am I'm at the grocery store because my kid said he needed something called food    Its cold… 

Last night I tried to limbo the security gate at my condo and I fell and ripped my dress open and scraped my knees. It's hard being #graceful

This is awesome. Thanks for making a difference! Strangers surprise Popeyes employee with nursing school tuition 

Unacceptable! Today CT veterans are begging congress for mental health/ptsd treatment that they are being denied #HelpOurVeterans

$hredd Always Lock In The Studio and Act Like He Can't Hear Shit ... So We Told Him It Was A Fire In Dis Hoe          

Spent last 4 days in Berlin, now waiting for a flight back to Helsinki. "Not yet!" my mind says. #thoughtoftheday #travelling

You're tired of being the responsible one, especially if you m... More for Scorpio 

i really enjoyed making this. anyone else have an account like this i could make a layout for? doesnt have to be dn… 

i know, that's sad. it seems like we don't go on at the same time much. but your presence is always lovely! 

Birthday is Sunday but I'm gonna be some fucked from tonight, all day tomorrow and tomorrow night   

When Alpha couples argue it’s always a very loud and intimidating thing where they are both trying to make the other submit to them

Trump University SettlementNets $25M Write-Off For Trump, Taxes For Students  

and; And When the fuck is F is For Family Season 2 coming out ?!?!?

those scars (either physical or emotional) stay with that person for the rest of his/her life, sometimes even become the reason of its end

[Ryde] Charizard (F) (IV: 53%) until 12:57:32AM at 116 Blaxland Rd  

OVSD_TIDE: LopezLandLearns just unlocked "21st Century Teaching and Learning" badge.  #OVSDshare #OVSDoxnard #Chrom…

Ford recalls F-250 pickups that could roll while in park  

If you Dont " chase em you replace em " why you hating and taking credit for something that didn't involve your opinion  

Keys to technology in #healthcare and self care - "Make it simple to try, easy to track and fun to testify," says… 

  YASSS It's time for a great show Karla Patricia Espinoza:  

Knowing the shit a nigga would do for his girl is outrageous all niggas cant relate

Always the limber conversationalist, your mind stretches into ... More for Libra 

Like and share this pure awesomeness! #iphonemania #iphonesonly  

Lebanon near 'breaking point' over Syrian refugee crisis: PM Hariri  

American strike against Syrian army installation is helping terrorist forces - Governor of Homs province  — RT (RT…

u know how u can just speak to someone for a few hours and feel so comfortable than with those who youve been speaking to for months

TREBLAB XR500 Bluetooth Headphones, Best Noise Cancelling Wireless Earbuds, Waterproof… 

Watching #anime without subtitles IS possible for you! Demystify Japanese and #Reach Fluency! ✰ 

Only the strongest survive. Like survival of the fittest. It isn't going to get easier. Just different stressors. Thank god for SSRIs!

How can you think some sort of physical, battling approach is the way to go? Bad as Klopp when it comes to not adapting to the oppo

"Orcas are reveredandrespected as an important part of our world" ~Suquamish #Blackfish Lolita  

ugh i hate when i can't see my boo. holds your hand tightly and rubs the back of it with my thumb. you're always co… 

Latex lesbian domination and strapon fucking 

its funny bc people think im quiet but im just listening to everyones convos and figuring out ur weaknesses to destroy u later in life

PARKING PROBLEM at NE 33RD AVE / NE BRAZEE ST, PORTLAND, OR [Portland Police #PP17000102381] 14:08 #pdx911

how tf do u draw an undercut without making the char look like a fucking tool shed

I'm very curious how the WWE fanbase will recieve Nakamuras.... lack of motivation in unimportant matches.

HAHAHAHSBFJFJFNFJ them trying to make seungjun watch a horror movie by himself is everythiiiiing IM FUCKING CRYLAUG… 

Funny how The Weeknd sings about being emotionless but has had a couple of open relationships. Hmmm

Beautiful Georgian home on child safe street. Renovated kitchen with centre island, ..  

Simply Vertical will be released on April 6. I'll also be updating most of my watchfaces with new content starting next week. Cheers!

LOne of the many things I love about teaching is that every day brings a new experience. Today we learned ballet. 

U.N. chief presses Iraq's leaders to reconcile once Mosul won  

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Top House Intel Dem: "Alarm bells" should go off when Trump calls something "fake"  

7 Tips On Having A Tinder Profile Picture That Can Land You With An Amazing Date 

Maybe the anal rash has returned and Joe rubbed too much ointment on before he hit the scales, took him over? 

when you're trying to stay dedicated to the fit life but you're still high key a pothead 

Lily witte MILF latina fucked byood Ricaanse tattoo 

I am deeply upset to hear about what my country did today. This was inhumane and we should not simply hope for change. We must act.

Found a Transponder Snail! For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!  #TreCru 

UGX524 Bil­lion Sup­ple­men­tary Bud­get Tabled In Par­lia­ment  

Guys have you watched this mesmerizing video yet !! #GoodnessEveryMealDeserves Visit here - 

Yeah I'm writing again I've got 3000+ words of plot and THE CHARACTERS HAVEN'T FUCKING INTERACT YET JUST SHOOT ME.

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

Finally near the Lincoln Tunnel helix. I'm going to need bodywork after this trip. My knees are screaming.

You can never move forward if you're letting things that don't deserve your attention continue to bring you down.

My mom asked if I thought my car would make it to the west coast again for vacation. I was like "yeah, it's a Subaru, it'll run forever."

there's a bed. there's humping. but there's no unnecessary backdancing jr (who happens to be ktym) hairpulling. where's the appeal

NANS: We’ll Invade Kirikiri If UNILAG Students Not Released In 24 Hours  

Ericsson’s new strategy aims to ‘revitalize’ its ‘technology and market leadership’  #EricssonMarketStrategy

1805 (E23) SPRINT CRAWL! Damansara Link Toll Plaza to Damansara Utama, 4km/h, Delay 34mins, Drive Safely! #trafficbuzz #kltu

Connor the fucking hedgehog 

I'm fucking exhausted and I'm fucking sad and I just want to fucking go to sleep and I fucking can't because I'm fucking stressed out. Fuck.

Probably going to take a bit of a break from Twitter after tomorrow. They're taking my dad off of life support tomorrow and he's not -

We are under threat from corrupt rating agencies, they being controlled by those that have stole our land and everything on it #junkstatus

UW-Madison Scientists Collaborate on Ultrasensitive Detector That Pinpoints Big Problems in Tiny 

BEEN IN THE SAME 3 HUMMERS FOR THE SAME 3 SUMMERS AND DICE LOVE ME TO STAY ON THE SAME 3 NUMBERS - KILLA

A hate them people that just drop you oot of nae where n then come back like nothing happened, nae chance mate

Leadership is not just what happens when you're there, it's what happens when you're not. - Ken Blanchard #quote

Mmm I love when you hear a song and it just plays to your soul, like my whole body enjoys it... mmmm

holy shit she's coming baaaaack!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

thank god for my dad... that man knows everything about me and he always knows what to say. i'm so fucking lucky

Master P - Fuck Boyz (Ft. 504 Boyz) now playing on  1207-458-7690 #1OnBLAST #hsr

Except we have the video in her case. It's not fake news if we have unedited video of her admission. 

he doesn't ever know wtf to say out his mouth joe   ‍  stupid ass nigga

 NIB Nike Hyperdunk 2016 Men's Athletic Shoes Black-White-Game Royal many sizes 

THE FUCKING LION SAVED CARL LIFE       #Thewalkingdead 

No matter how wonderful things used to be, we cannot live in the past. The joy and excitement we feel here and now are more important. -KonMari

and crazy thing is this the first person i talked to thats been with me with no legit break ups , and putting up with this fucked up attitude

i had to read this repeatedly to actually understand. the amount of kboo... eye twitches. 

i didn't take my medicine again and i've only eaten one proper meal over the past 3 days and i'm living

"He Removed His Nose To Look Like A Marvel Villain. Years Later, He Looks Like THIS 

(had breakfast in the morning) (accidentally went to go get lunch) goddammit there goes my meal swipes for the day

#LillyCollins says love will come along in its own time, just relax and enjoy the journey guys. #love #celeb… 

When u sick but u don't want to miss the test but u also don't want to go to school 

This is gaslighting of the highest fucking order. 

I don’t think I’d ever seen Adam West in anything but classic Batman until I turned on RONSON CRUSOE ON MARS this e… 

Honestly if anyone does this, family, friends etc just cut them off, you don't need that ignorance in your life 

Frat boy tugging on his cock while getting fucked 

So, here is to hoping I have the same dream tonight I was having last night   #itwasalladream #thatshiphassailed

Creating Breakthrough Content: There Ain’t No Magic  #onlinemarketing #internetmarketing 

if you love two people at the same time, choose the second one. Because if you truly loved the first one, you wouldn’t love another."

Hackers attack track and field? Cybersecurity | TheHill  

How To Maximize Social Security Benefits On Your Tax Return  

this is deadass how I talk about Evelyn when I'm fucked up   

Post-doctoral associate - Baltimore, Maryland (US) - Fu Lab in Johns Hopkins School of Medicine 

U.S. Court of Appeals for 7th Circuit ruled sexual orientation covered under nondiscrimination law on basis of sex. 

...and its a wrap.. Fingers crossed. Good luck to all housemates and best of luck to Efe. Confident much? Yes i am. We've got this.#BBNaija

Why is shipping on jockstraps and briefs 20$. Just fucking shove them in an envelope and call it a day wtf

I fucking forgot to cancel it so y'all gonna have to hear about me listening to daddy lessons for another month 

a show because every fucking body know AmoriyanJ gone handle his  

Damn it's bad? You should check out Sebastian Manascalco's "Aren't you embarrassed". 

imagine you got engaged, in your bliss, you find a video of your fiance fucking a man when he was in college. how you gon act?

You're attractive af why have I never seen you at h... — well thank u and i've never been! 

Cool competition regarding a #bulli / #T4 #Design realised with #graffiti Have a look at 

Starbucks pushes 'craft' credentials with cold coffee focus - Marketing Week 

when justin covered two of my fave songs ever, because of you and u got it bad, like yes bitchass das strawberry because it's a fucking jam

Chatsworth Park Elementary Mint Canyon Elementary Chatsworth Park Elementary (again) Lawrence Middle School Chat… 

If You Touch Your Lady In These Sexiest Hot Spots She Will Be Like A Volcano 

Stealthy gaming firm Surprise is completely ready to tease its new mystery hardware  

The tomahawk missiles seem like an excuse for #Trump to pretend more $ needs to go to US military. I'm sure #PutinandAssad got fair warning.

Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Mansfield, OH?  #Hospitality #Hiring 

I look like an idiot trying to avoid contact with bees and wasps

⒈ Indy Flow ⒉ O'Neill ⒊ Snapchat ⒋ Cristo ⒌ Bad Bunny 2017/3/31 15:50 AST #trndnl 

Iowa Sen. Dan Dawson said the bill aims to create consistency on juvenile records #ialegis #SWIowa #911transparency 

#teagan #japan cute promote #regina #perfect slut -->  

Now Playing Promo - Flashback 40 - 1985 Listen here: 

Just because I don't say it out loud, doesn't mean I'm clueless; Women always know. We always find out. 

#SkySports #Super6 <EMOJI>️ FREE TO PLAY - Just predict 6 correct scores to win a life changing £250,000  Predict… 

Fish Called Wanda #dvd Region 1 CLR/CC/DSS/WS/Keeper  

I actually had this idea before camp. Wanted to make for myself and carry. I just didn't know how to  

Cruise Luggage Tags Set of 2 Business Card Holder with Full Privacy Cover Black  

WI v Pak, 1st ODI: West Indies won by 4 wkts. MoM: J Mohammed. WI 309/6 (49.0 Ovs), Pak 308/5 (50.0 Ovs). J... 

Voting is opened. Click here  to vote. The winner get to the next stage. #MissKanekalonHairStylistOfTheMonth

Spare this, spare that, save this, save that... If you was a bad bitch you'd SPEAK   

It is a breath of fresh air to see news reports from the ME which are not reflexively anti-Israel. 

Please RT if you like!! #luxurycars #luxury #supercars #cars 4,000 Horsepower Corvette Takes Flight,...… 

The effects of aging are most noticeable around the eyes, where skin is delicate and thin. Over time it will... 

Tickets MICHAEL BOLTON show at 3Arena #Dublin #Ireland on 8th June are on sale NOW Ticketmaster Ireland 

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

'Free speech' is a blunt instrument. Let's break it up  #culture 

The US government should reimburse NYC for taxpayer money used to "protect" Melania and it should be in the form of free unlimited MTA rides

  YASSS It's time for a great show  Kaylee :   #Makeup     

I lost someone that didn't give a shit about me but you lost someone that adored you so who really lost

So JZ fired PG not cos of intelligence report but cos of "irretrievable breakdown of relationship"? Wish this worke… 

My girl sent me a snap eating a fucking squid   blockkkked

Spokane giving free/ Uber rides! The WW888 promo code on Uber gives 50 dollars off. Try that Lyft! Tasty promo.… 

Granny gets fucked in the changing room 

#teeneger fucking 9 to 5 days in porn online 

 - 2009 billy sims oklahoma sooners press pass legends s/n 36/899 at Amazon's Sports Collectibles Store

babysitter gets fucked as a payment 

Nothing is holding back your imagination now, freeing you to e... More for Aquarius 

Schoolgirls also need to be fucked   #shemale 

Bro shit go crazy #TAXFREE GET IN TUNE!!!! 

The true test of one's mettle is how many times you will try before you give up. KISSES MinuteKweenWinIt

Healthy Snack Idea: Frozen Cherries! They are sweet and like little fruit ice lollies. #TheStudioAD #Wellness . 

Ghost In The Shell Casting Controversy Affected Box Office. A Paramount rep says the whitewashing controversy... 

Ryder Family Secrets has a cool payoff and was worth it. Can't wait to see how the future of the franchise works out with this information.

Kanye West’s ‘The Life Of Pablo’ Becomes First Streaming-Only Album To Go Platinum  

Day 37: I have spent the day in Nottingham working with my mum and dad! It's been a fun day of… 

Had my dogs for this yesterday. Totally cool with the cat riding a fire-spitting unicorn. Quadcopter camera drone?… 

Me: It's been a pretty decent day! Good things have happened! It's the weekend! Suicidal ideation: :)

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Blessed Mama Glittering Trucker Style Cap Hat Grey G..." by BHW.  #giveaway

A year plus away from it and I'm still finding out the ways that full-time freelancing fucked with my conception of work and relaxation

YOU GOT TO BE FUCKING SHITTING ME 

Today's been pretty nice! Started off a bit sloe but really picked up towards the evening -- helps to be back in con mode!

It's nearly impossible to see the downside of a plan today. In... More for Sagittarius 

NEW YORK (AP) — Pepsi is pulling an ad that has been widely criticized for appearing to trivialize protests for ... 

Seriously. Don't fucking do this. 

This Mountain House Was Designed To Be A Combination Of A European Chalet And An…  

Aye now you'll put N'Dong on you fucking busted flush.

Here's my pick of the best #ShotOnOnePlus images. Participate to create your own collage: 

Now economic theory is gonna hold true   "whatever goods and services r provided –the expense of d same must have been borne by someone" #GST

New agents/strategies on the horizon in pancreatic cancer  

Ur bio about sideburns is so appealing to me and I ... — Hahah aw thank you! It's a fav ASAP Yams quote of mine 

Basically, for a Friday night dump, I'd say the SHIT JUST HIT THE FAN!!! Lock him up!!!!! 

It all starts with an attitude. Sign your athletes up at the Bud and Bug Festival on 4/29/17 to see what they... 

It's this pos birthday. Happy birthday Devin you are truly one of my best friends #kesha #blessed 

WWE's Nikki Bella to defiantly wear outfit deemed too skimpy for #WrestleMania33  #WWE… 

I snapped on my boo this morning and he said "it's too early for all that attitude did you eat yet?" and I was like… 

10 people followed me and 10 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#CityNews Birmingham offers two prime locations for a new Channel 4 headquarters 

meals on wheels,NPS and many other organizations are putting terrible strain on fed $$, but this does not? 

Fucking lady at waffle house said how you spell ziggy ikyl

haha I like this question...let me answer this... sa sama ng loob    #DTBYCluelessSinag 

"grabe naman manhid agad ganon?" wow okay kindly find me another word in Filipino that would encapsulate the inability to feel an earthquake

So you're asking why we didn't ask students to think in the mind of a rapist and why they rape? You're fucked up pal 

Due to the recent rains Valla Market has been cancelled tomorrow. Stay tuned for our next market appearance. 

Pls Vote for me and share with others. Thank you Cherron You can vote again every 24 hours 

College Pussy brutal tiefer Oralsex 

#HuracanPerformante Is A Wonderful Combination Of Beauty and Power. 100% Marks For This Amazing Car. 

she was the type of YouTuber who won't reply to you UNLESS, you buy something from their Amazon wishlist for them or something. Smh.

O son of Adam, sell this World for the hereafter and you win both, sell the hereafter for this world and you lose both. - Al-Hasan al-Basri

#NFL Wire: No. 1 pick Ben Simmons has reportedly grown two inches; coach denies rumors  

More stores are stocking the Blue Suede 1s this weekend  

The primary resource I used to make this mindmap failed to explain everything. For example. How to differentiate be… 

she moans and screams as she gets fucked with a schlonger 

Bitches just can't seem to get a fucking clue   ‍

**GIVEAWAY** Smurfs The Lost Village Swag. Movie opens April 7, 2017. #SmurfsMovie #ad #RWM 

You would love to call it quits early in the day so you can le... More for Cancer 

Watch lesbian movie:  Busty brunette fucked in a bathtub 

Cafe Mediterranean (the Alexander the Geat Special Part 1)  

Clinical Characteristics of Methicillin-resistant CNS #MRCNS Bacteremia in a Tertiary Hospital #InternMed 

Izzy Marcelo fucking pussy with dildo while sucking another 

New: Crash in Hillsborough on I-75 north before Big Bend Rd, left lane blocked. Content provided by Waze. Last...

another update: my school is legitimate trash. i just saw a girl give this guy head in the parking lot. the fucking parking lot.

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Universal Banker - Devon, PA -  #Banking #Devon, PA #Hiring

What's your goal that eludes you? The thing you'd love to have, do or experience but honestly.... you've tried a m…… 

Giro Empire VR90 Mountain Bike Shoes Blue Jewel/Black (45 EU / 11 US)  

So Manasseh slept with his fathers, and they buried him in his own house: and Amon his son reigned in his stead. 

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

Actually it is soo funny how akkians question SRK indianness while their own idol is not an indian citizen itself.

FousFan: FousFan: FousFan: FousFan: StockTwits: Here are the charts and names of 12 of the most shorted stocks in the market right now: …

Japanese clothing manufacturer threatens to close all stores if Trump forces them to manufacture in U.S.-Will Trum… 

#OldMedia #FakeNews C_Madine: The Media Is Ignoring the 500-Pound Surveillance Elephant in the Room  #ObamaGate #tcot

If you are so lucky to own a P.O.S. ("piece" or "pile" are acceptable in this situation, though the "S" is... 

I'm late to skam, I watched season 3 and I loved it... — welcome to the dark side sis, unfortunately thats a... 

need to stop being out for ages and letting myself get hungry, then spending all my fucking money on food

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 133 #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight

#Xclusive Lil Wayne Frustrates Fans With Delayed Florida Show  via #ChiRaqLeakerz 

I thought he had neglected to light the lamp, but I was holding the match. 

Democrats are a stinking bunch of spiteful, lying, dumb idiots that ever walked the earth. I can't help but hate th… 

[Beckenham] Lickitung (F) (IV: 13%) until 05:16:51AM at 199 Kings Hall Rd  

ust to hide their failure... Afghan govt is targeting Pak... they themselves r the biggest hypocrites.… 

one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I don't wear band merch much anymore but sporting my Death Before Dishonor shirt today. #FriendsFamilyForever 

a damn fucking underrated c o n c e p t 

ready to fucking kill myself because of a UTI!! why must I always get them!! they're so awful

once you realise how alone you are compared to what you used to be, it's absolutely fucking heartbreaking

Come see the new doc 'Waves For Water' this week and participate in a fascinating discussion abt clean water: 

impairing chatterbox disaffection's droopier exemplar suppurates demotion discus's #nonsense #nonsenseengine

What's the worst food you have ever had to endure at a pot luck? #QandA #REDDIT #ASKREDDIT #QUESTIONS 

#scream fucking girls pictures anal sex ed 

#MotoRPSHii sir i am very big fan of rpsj and unable to buy the match ticket which is held on 8th apr can u plz provide me only one ticket

New post (St. Petersburg: Russia's heartland, Putin's hometown) has been published on Lottery ... - 

#northerntechawards Doing well? some of you will need to use  soon! Hope to join you next year too...

Also, “Blah, blah; proper name, place name, backstory stuff…” has to be in my list of top 10 movie quotes

A #recipe so moist and spongy it will have you coming back for seconds and thirds!  #zucchini 

Bulk 20pcs Topaz Glass Crystal Faceted Cube Beads 8mm Spacer Jewelry Findings  

I WANAN FUCKING KILL MYSELF 

I hate when people use my stuff without asking but what will piss me off is using my makeup without asking!

Stefano Gabbana doesn't care if you're angry that he dressed Melania Trump for her White…  

Lady Gaga Fucking One Of Her Dancers 

im so fucking impulsive I have 0 self control I fucking hate myself

cause i have hella feelings for you, i act like i don't fucking care, cause i'm so fucking scared

Very interesting piece on a champion of human rights dealing with such issues in her own country, Myanmar #cpol120 

#NBA Wire: NBA Playoff Picture: Current standings and projections as Warriors take control…  

I just loooooove this song "Game of Survival" by Ruelle  

VIDEO: Phil Mickelson hits shot from cart path right over cameraman's head -  

You can bury your feelings as effectively as the next person, ... More for Scorpio 

game night  capo fam  initiation went through it all together and loved every minute <EMOJI>️  

On page 406 of 501 of The Mime Order, by Samantha Shannon: Part 3 Chapter 23 

i wore a dress for my birthday and it's literally so fucking windy rn

wings fucking tour is sold out this morning I Can Die Now

Sprint is killing its best 50 percent off deal   …… …… …… …… …… ………… 

This #job might be a great fit for you: Professional-Data Scientist-BIG DATA -  #Engineering… 

Worst Chemical Attack in Years in Syria; U.S. Blames Assad  Why didn't you know Trump?? It's your job not Obama's.

Still cannot figure out how the green car in our parking lot is always parked fucked up?! Like what are you doing?!

Homestuckers will be really fucking crazy so I eat Highlander II: The Quickening (1991).

Thank God there aren't "Good Night Twitter" tweets. Or just wait until Indian uncles gets hands on the net after today's #303. #Jiokekamaal

SEEEERIOUSLY. GET YOUR FUCKING CAMERA AWAY FROM ME. 

i'm that annoying ass bitch that laughs at everythingggggg

was super stoked on having my hair long again but the ends is just so damaged i need to cut it short fuqet fml   

I completed a puzzle in One Clue Crossword. Play now for free!  #OneClueCrossword 

Boys and Girls Can Construct Their Own Design and Drill Robot (3 Winners) -  via… 

CMOMaharashtra : DuringChina war,on his appeal fundsandgold was collected frmStateandafter Mumbai,max gold was collecte… 

On this night 30 years ago, Smart silenced Syracuse with a shot that gave IndianaMBB its fifth national title. 

like he didn't just do it for the sake of producing material, it's something he really wanted, like an instinct you have

graig nettles 2002 Fleer Fall Classics #11 of 19 SC Series Of Champions  

"Magaly... Im sorry but I just need to remind you your graduation fucking sucked."   

Seriously when I do homework alone I don't understand shit; then my professor helps me and I basically do it alone no mmss

You know you go to a chavvy school when the fucking tea bags have been chored from the maths office,liberty <EMOJI>️

Sitting in the car is a date, watching movies is a date, laying in bed is a date. A date doesn't require your wallet only you're time 

"If anyone thinks they'd rather be in a different part of history, they're probably..." #MAYWARDLoveKoTo

What idiot called it "campaigning" instead of "nursery"?

Days of Happiness: ... -  - #TPOHappiness #ChooseHappiness #MakeItHappy QandA ft. MANY!… 

having sex intercourse #latino teens being fucked 

Can't nobody ever say they seen me fucked up out here

Hogan signs bill to help close Baltimore schools budget gap  

I hate when I send myself a tweet that I thought was funny and when I wanna look back on it it's deleted  

My grandfathers workout regimen was wake up and go to work every fucking day.

Our customers are exceptional, delicious, extraordinary perfection! Your ongoing support of our shop is never... 

i saw an april fools article that said revenge of the mummy was gonna be replaced with an adrian monk ride and i actually believed it

New Critapocalypse episode right here: Critapocalypse Podcast 62 - Kaka Kaijus  on #SoundCloud

Shah Rukh Khan and AbRam Khan are twinning with these tattoos as they cheer for Kolkata Knight Riders 

Trump keeps talking about the dems losing the election like it happened last week... you won, nice, now do your job pls

Looking at #BJUPress #DistanceLearning? Contact me and let me help you save some money and get the classes you need. 

I also know I hate using a Holga. Like, fuck that.

Speedway Promoters have to cope, how they do, commitment to the sport .Archerfield Speedway flooded courtesy Debbie 

Czech delegation at #greens2017. If you are in Liverpool, let us know if you wanna meet and discuss green cooperati… 

We all get hurt, betrayed and YES, you feel angry, it's normal! Digest the pain, see the lesson… 

Tnis editorial F Felony charges are a disturbing overreach for the duo behind the Planned Parenthood sting videos 

"Manohar Parrikar thanks Congress' Digvijaya Singh for BJP's victory in Goa - Scroll.in" 

Just when I thought shit couldn't get any worst ....

yall i cant im so fuckng mad at this bc every dot point is jus,,,, the sixth sense bitch ill kms

Asians, blacks, Hispanics have more heart disease risks at normal weight: study  

MY FUCKING REACTION TOO MY HEART SANK INTO MY ASS 

I have been on Twitter for 4 years, 7 months, 7 days (since 26 Aug 2012). And you? 

SOS: does anyone wanna lend me some hella cute outfits for my senior pictures? Either that or I'm wearing tshirts  

"Keep ignoring me coach forrester Imma throw this fucking brisk bottle at your damn head"      

We are almost at 3000!!! Every donation counts!! Or even spreading the word helps!! 

A sense of panic hangs right at the edge of your awareness. Yo... More for Aries 

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

Dirty brunette slut sucking a cock with all her skills 

Cigarettes fucking BOOOOOOM man make my stomach hurt every trip!

"Gas Attack Is Said to Kill Dozens in Syria" by ANNE BARNARD via NYT The New York Times 

What's it like to be a superstar whose world is falling apart? COWBOY  #greatbooks #books #Christfic #romance

made a very intricate and beautiful song and now it's time to finish this bottle of wine and make stupid shit to make the clurb go dumb 2

16 times Ed Miliband was the sassiest politician on Twitter  

13 years later my mother finally decided to marry the man who swept her off her feet years ago~ I love you mom!    

Thank you for hosting us this morning, shoptherapyboutique! We loved getting fizzical on A-Day… 

General Manager - Boston, MA, , USA #jobs #Boston pls RT: Restaurant General Managerwe are currently seeking an… 

Blinks. "You need not offer me everything you have, Antares. I just want your heart and all that it entails, if th… 

Hope everyone in Stockholm is alright, this world is too fucked

Jada Stevens close ass gets fucked 

working at the movies is lit because if the movie trash, I didn't take a lost because it was free to watch  

DAVID YURMAN 7mm CABLE STERLING SILVER and 14k GOLD BAR METRO NECKLACE  

I WANT TO FUCKING SCOKHOKE MYSELF AND LIT MYSELFDJ ON FIRE 

The Wyatt-Orton match was a FUCKING 10 minute match with special effects and Bray lost just like that!? What the actual fuck!? #Wrestleania

Not true. We've always hated you. Nothing has changed there. So get the hell out and take ur fucked up cult with u. 

If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud. -Émile Zola #quote

I have no desire to rush into an interracial marriage for YouTube hits, only to be hugging my pillow and crying every night.

cumshots fucking teensexreality 

Australia sides with Apple in bank dispute over mobile wallet  #cards #payments 

Spurs playing really well. Conte and his boys are in a race now... Let's see how they respond at Bournemouth

as they do with Arabs, who have coexisted with Imazighen for time." Alors cette phrase. Mdr mdr mdr mdr mdr mdr Attendez j'me calme

Coach Thibs reminds me of the guy at the sports bar who is entertaining BUT someone you never ever look in the eye,… 

regrann from bitches.of.karma - In order to get all the names and numbers on the post I had to… 

“we met each other recently right?” “where?” “while we were working” “ehhhh you can’t say something like that now!!”

Yesterday the sun brights in the sky, now it's a rainy day... This is spring in Sicily!   

Some highschool kids are literally fuckig retarded

getting to the point where some day soon i am just gonna snap and go on a killing spree because i cant fucking take people anymore

Putin ready to meet Trump in Finland if it hosts summit  

If you sit there and talk shit about someone to me and then chill w them the next day I won't call you out on it, I'll just keep my distance

Nacho Vidal gets seduced into fucking by Janis 

U.S. Navy Aid Unit Told to Leave Cambodia   PHNOM PENH (Reuters) – A U.S. Navy aid unit ha…

All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. - Edgar Allan Poe #quote 

biTCH SAM NOM DIDNT RECORD THE CEREMONY TO FUCKIN DANCE NOW LEE YEONG IS FUCKED BOTH WAYS ANYWAY

Nasty twink gets bukkake after fucking 

Maldives Ready To Host International Travel Trade Show TTM 2017  

Hoes never wanna answer the phone when you need em   by hoes I mean my stupid ass friends.

Preferred Apartment Communities, Inc. Acquires a 247-Unit Multifamily Community in Williamsburg, VA 

Espagnol Bebe Fucked son petit ami 

Exactly what I do! The amount varies on the type of relationship and the person's character. 

Read Before I Fall and you'll rethink every bad thing you've done in your life 

Like I'm on my TL really seeing girls who are lighter/or maybe not but have looser curl types mad because girls with kinky hair are asking

Flaaffy available until 07:46:03pm (6m 35s). Charge Beam / Thunderbolt (66.7% - 7/12/11) 

Whole Moyes thing got blown out of proportion but tbf a wanted him to fined and sacked cos he's an awful manager

Women's like bimmer car some of them have fantastic body and week engine, some of them have total loss body and powerful engine 

"In the end we will conserve only what we love, we will love only what we understand, and we will understand only what we are taught."

Column: Despite ample evidence that Medicaid works, Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback vetoes expansion… 

I have been on Twitter for 3 years and 9 months (since 1 Jul 2013). And you? 

how could we disappoint the legendary mike posner band like this? i'm ashamed and humiliated. 

US President strikes down Geneva war crimes controls against US drone strikes on civilians - YouTube 

1 Chronicles 16:11. Look to the LORD and his strength; seek his face always.  #jesus

In all seriousness All of our issues and problems are always solved with a calm conversation with each other Face to face   ‍  ‍

I feel like I don't have control and it's so fucking aggrivating

HOSHINO 3.0M Telescopic Wood Fishing Rod Carbon Steel Boat Saltwater Spinning M7  

#SkipHireComparison just helped another happy customer searching for a skip in #LS134RN  #skiphire

Hey #NPHW—Miss our #SaludTues chat on the importance of clinical trials? Check it out!  

WOW! Super unique stylish keychain you don't want to miss out -  on Amazon Only!  #giveaway

Full credit to Micheal Cole, trying his hardest to make this match sound interesting      #Wrestlemania #ginge

Thank you BTS for an unforgettable concert, it was seriously one of the best I've ever been to     #ARMYSelcaDay 

Fuck this company! This was suppose to be Sasha Bank's moment! #Wrestlemania

AND THERES FLASHBACKS!!!!!! to the friendship with the ex friend who was murdered and meeting gds parents and being w p and cap and ugh

RAW after Mania use to be my favorite thing. I'm already itching to turn. I didn't watch Mania and I'm meh about this show 30 mins in.

We see all main characters actors on this pic. Wonder which character/actor is on the stretcher. photo de dg251170 

#richtrshindan Philip is a simple shoto character with an insanely good dp and always makes up at least 2/3rds of top 8 Insanely accurate

#drunk wives fucking mardi gras kate price porn 

#Syria crisis: Australia increases aid contribution by $25 million as part of #Syria 

HOW IN THE FUCK ARE THE HIRSHHORN TICKETS SOLD OUT ALREADY?!?!?

Is already used to that because Jongin and Taehyung. SiGh. Patting her head. 

The '35.274' Hoodys have been restocked online. First release sold out quicker than your plug on a long weekend.... 

Burberry Black Coat Parka Jacket Size Large L. Must See!  

I hope I am in and out of my doc appointment tho. I am sick of hospital structures, I just want to be in and out.

I need fucking dutches but I don't wanna leave the house again    

Someone let me know what happens in the last episode of 13rw as i can not finish it bc of ts graphic/triggering content

#TDiHR April 1 2012 Hero of Order trained by Gennadi Dorochenko ridden by Eddie Martin Jr wins the Louisiana Derby 

Actress, Mimi Orjiekwe welcomes a baby girl, narrates her fight and struggle during childbirth  

Vampire Diaries is wack as hell. Shits making me mad depressed.

Modern Interpretations Of Centuries-Old Art Show People Haven't Changed in 100s Of Years 

Michael Kors Brooklyn Merlot Grommet Applique Medium Convertible Handbag  

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of those Spooky guys at Thriller Bark!  #TreCru 

When the whole crew is drunk AF and y'all wanna hit the the club, and mistake a road block for a club and drive straigh… 

Your text woke me up but I'm not mad at all. I like that you thought of me first thing when you… 

ok but why are all of my cute clothes disappearing like does the universe just never want me to look good??

Because they deserve this kind of love and sooo much more. Hashtag medyo protective! ️ #ALDUBKSApril9and12… 

meaning, I'm really funny and talented but no one ever pays attention to me so I never get recognition

No surprise that Tech tops the list of CEO inc worries... But post Brexit exchange rate vol worries me more! 

Frightning thought that there's nobody who can shut this idiot up. 

Sheffield Wednesday 2 Newcastle United 1: Gayle injury compounds Championship defeat  #swfc

Sis don't assume I'm talking about yo nigga and get in yo feelings .. Yo nigga not the only one on my line  

Man, people are really need signs for everything, don't leave you're dishes in the office sink, don't drive through… 

Fucking Bayley #WrestleMania 

All that time you could have spent reading about the calamity happening around you and how to take action and you were stuck in Harry Potter

Could a country see 500K shot dead since 9/11 and 25M about to lose healthcare and choose to intervene militarily in US on humanitarian grounds?

9 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 8 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you 

my cousin fucked up when she asked me to be a chaperone on her field trip     

Via Tumblr:  shez-sensitive: The Feds know how big my pussy lips are and they’ll just have… 

This hoe removed by #RonaAmbrose. Start telling real news! Stop slanting it on this ugly bigots side 

Join our FREE platform for #socialmediamarketers, #MLM builders, #affiliates and #networkers  

As we are changed by God's influence on the inside, we become more effective in bringing change to situations on the outside.

Want people to trust you more? Use these 7 simple phrases to build report among your colleagues:… 

Generally love Mondays but theres just something about this one Im really not feeling    Need motivation and sleep aside shaking weird vibes.

When you take money you have to dance to the tune of giver. Theosophists are no exception even with free Internet.… 

It's so easy to take running for granted. Looks like I'm still injured after a month of rest and rehab :(

William Hill are Giving ALL New Accounts a £30 #FreeBet Today Bet £10 and Use Code C30 to Claim Claim >… 

I'm going to be real as fuck in this thread, and if u want to unfollow me, g'head. Be my guest. But I will say this.

(c) but he gets caught up into a battle with demons. After the battle Hibiki gains the power to control demons along with Io and Daichi. (c)

Going to livestream bo3 and some other games around 11:00 pm central time to whenever I feel like it join me Dope_boy335

it's kinda attractive when someone can reply to your sarcasm with sarcasm instead of just getting offended.

I want you to be enlightened in this little but serious question that concerns all men  

Jesus titty Fucking Christ. Man up ffs you gimp. 

Did he push Kaito away because he truly didn't need him or because he wanted to spare Kaito of his darkness?

IGP Warns Police officers against unlawful arrests as he decorates new CPs #GetAmeboApp  the promotion arrears 2016

You want the ability to be free from other people's demands to... More for Aquarius 

>meme mocking people who blame the fucking enlightenment age of all things for the problems of the world >3/4 of the responses agree with it

5 Ways To Use The Mind Muscle Connection For Better Workouts  via #enews24ghanta 

DANCING IN THE SKY IS OUT NOW!    

It is not enough to have knowledge, one must also apply it. It is not enough to have wishes, one must also accomplish.   #ALDUBxDTBYMovingOn

Say "good morning" to Drew Champagne, one of the dentists here at Champagne Dental. He practiced dentistry... 

So fucking disrespectful.. you fucking with the wrong person smh

14 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Mumbai makes space for everyone and welcomes you with a warm heart. #ChampionTheTrophy should come to #Mum

System Time:2017-04-01 - 10:00:03 JST Hostname:raspi Uptime:8 days 11:2 CPU Load:0.12,0.06,0.01 CPU Temp:47.24 MFree:224916 SFree:1914484

That bitch don't wanna be friends, ay I gave her dick, she got mad, ay  

How are the benefits as regards investing way in tucson disendowment homes yet method upon probe a lay fee?: uDWTl 

2011 Tiffin Motorhomes Allegro 35 QBA Used rv coach gas bunkhouse camper class a  

A. The Word of God,which is contained in the Scriptures of the OT and NT, is the only rule to direct us how we may glorify and enjoy him.

9H Premium Real Tempered Glass Film Screen Protector For Apple IPhone7 Plus  

Remember when living your life, be yourself so you can be happy with yourself and do not change to make other people happy. Be yourself

my chancla broke. fucking 1 day of having it and it broke.

Seriously mind blowing how many innocuous products contain milk and Gluten   — feeling A little frustrated

What if lebron really does get seriously injured but just has wolverine like capabilities and heals super fast befo… 

How you want to be a woman and your makeup fucking garbage? LMFAOOOOOOOOOO      

Don't come for me unless I send for you... and if I send for you, better know I'm already hipped on you!

You're known for your resilience, and you're apt to put it to ... More for Capricorn 

This Woman Took Photos Of Her Her Husbandless Honeymoon, And We Cant Stop Laughing! 

And, occasionally, one of this merry band will quote-RT a tweet to be shared in other similar merry bands.

Crips take turns fucking this crazy fat booty bitch 

Finlay Wilson states, “People think that homophobia is over. It isn't. It still lands on our doorsteps every day... 

Fabi Sandals/Black ----> visit  and find a perfect match for yourself! #italianshoes… 

Eat your heart out #MarilynMonroe from our retro range from Collectif  

#Queen of Hearts G.E.M. 2017 World Tour# IN GZ Lucky to WITNESS the top show. Queen of Hearts, Queen of the World… 

'16 Panini Origins MELVIN GORDON WORN GLOVE 4 Colors SP 27/30 San Diego #Chargers  #NFL 

Watching the Islanders game on the pixelated SD feed via MSGGO makes it look like an old Sega Saturn FMV game.

sgwalani Please be assured that our team is working on your concern and will call you to share an update. - Arun

In fact I over work myself so much because I don't know if I'm getting more work tomorrow.. I gotta take whatever I can get..

Four top execs quit NTT Data after integration with Dell, new leadership  

SHOULD DEMOCRATS MOVE LEFT IN DOWN-BALLOT RACES? It’s either that or try Rahm Emmanuel’s faux… 

Adding a New Page to Your Champion WordPress Website This Video Walks You Through Adding 

Niggas want praise when they get outta a fucked up situation they get themselves

You can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo... More for Virgo 

This ballgame is OVAH! Sox win! I've been waiting over a year for them to bring Matt Davidson up. Geo, new manager Rick, Matt, congrats! <EMOJI>️

#Win The Swan Princess: Royally Undercover DVD #Giveaway! (U.S.) Ends 4/9  #contests #TheSwanPrincess

Ursaring available until 09:37:04pm (28m 55s). Metal Claw / Close Combat (44.4% - 15/0/5) 

Me: GIVE ME MY FUCKING SANDWHICH 

Former Germany Star Michael Ballack Discusses What City's Makes Leroy Sane Such an Incredible Talent 

I really really want to just out people on here but I have the balls to say it to their face. I'm not a coward

That's fucking it I'm going to Cleveland for the weekend nobody talk to me   

#Singer #Idol CALIA BY CARRIE UNDERWOOD; ATHLETIC-FITNESS-YOGA PANTS. SIZE 2X. EXCELLENT COND.… 

Any Hibs fan that don't have season tickets to Ibrox can fuck off and support Hearts, the club doesn't need fannies… 

but also kind of don't, because when the class clown says serious stuff you know shit just got 29 million gaia gold from a pink link

Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness. --Frank Tyger #MAYWARDFlyHigh

Hasbro Star Wars Force Awakens 1/6 R0-4LO 7" Droid figure Target 3-pack pristine  #StarWars

Must be about time we blame Arsene Wenger for fucking everything. State of us.

Hoping to bring cricket to the forefront - Sports - Burlington Union ... - Wicked Local Burlington  #CricketNews

The term 'non-binary' doesn't even make sense. No one who's biracial says they're 'non-racial'. 'Binary'(means of 2 things) makes more sense

Phyllida Lloyd: ‘Blockbuster theatre needs more diversity’ - Phyllida Lloyd has claimed more diversity is neede... 

"At Least 9 Civilians Killed as Coalition Strikes Taliban Arsenal, Officials Say" by MUJIB MASHAL and TAIMOOR SHAH… 

Well hello darling, darling month of April--so inexplicably happy you're here. It's THE. FINAL. MONTH.   

hi, guys! can you suggest me any movies or dramas that are really tearjerkers? it doesn't necessarily have to be korean :-D

iron fist better have a giant, comical iron fist, that he struggles to get through metal detectors with, or I ain't fuckin watching it

Win some cool skins! Just decide - left or right?  #csgogiveaway #csgo #leftorright

Every time I make fries I sit in the kitchen for 10 minutes debating to make fries..this happens everyday I need to move

So excited to introduce the gold tone/Antique/brass #snaponjewelry collection I have in store in my new... 

like the layout, everything, welcome to the fam man — this is so NICE oh my gosh this makes me happy than... 

New bill would allow farmers to sue Monsanto if GMO crops invade their property –  

I already tweet more than 100 indirects to jack and jack and they ignored all of them, including this one

Way to go story about our gym and our trainer in today's lapresse!! Way to go Delphine Cadaux 

OMFG YES! DESTINY 2 FOR PC! Imma fucking pre-order it asap! 

#NationalBeerDay Now this is a day I can get behind. Serve me some cold ones, babes! 

Here's a look at what thought is inside the hipster blokes head right now  #FirstDatesIRL 

they are resentful that we called them dumb bigots. i never said that! i said they are racist morons. and i’ll keep… 

Did the apocalypse make the Mad Max people lose their ability to speak in complete sentences? #TheWalkingDead

Still want to upgrade my gear on Zelda, but 125 hours in Hyrule's draw isn't quite what it was. My Switch is ready for Mario Kart now.

TSS = The Steve Series I fucking hate character limit.

Found a Transponder Snail! Oars comes back as a henchman of Moria?!  #TreCru 

Updates: Qatar lifts moratorium on North Dome gas field - The development in the southern section of the North ... 

fallout mods are all bad everything on nexusmods is fucking that lady and she said she wanted her name to be Grease.

Civil Rights Act Protects Gay Workers, Court Rules - New York Times  #TopStories 

The monarchy: should it stay or should it go? The Role of the Monarchy, Put Simply  #monarchy #queen #republic

BREAKING NEWS: Former deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas resigns as ANC MP.  by #News24… 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

i do have things i have to do, but IT IS UNDERGROUND SEASON for me, so im on the soap box #UndergroundWGN join me or nah   lol  

Spent the afternoon w 4 UCalgary theatre students. What a joy. If these lovely young folk are any indication, our future is in good hands!

When the Rich get Richer, no one benefits. Silicon Valley needs to adjust its priorities.... 

 welcomes Mrs C. in the #Lincoln area - you too could have a beautiful lawn 

railstotrails: #VisionZero needs to prioritize people to connect everyone via safe, convenient, reliable and affordable transportation. #DC…

#dtmag White House Denies Rumors Kellyanne Conway Is Leaving — ‘Nothing Could Be Further From The Truth’… 

Please RT #beauty #makeup ##skincare Khloé Kardashian Shares Secrets to a Better Butt in '90s-Themed Video 

HARRY FUCKING DOMINATED THAT SONG!!! HE HAS.BLOWN ME AWAY!

8) Stone Cold vs Bret Hart - Austin isn't even close to being a submission wrestler, but fucking hell, what a display that was

Happy Birthday to my high note screaming king Ken Love you with all my heart and with you nothing but the best… 

The best news about the job market no one is talking about  

I was deadass out thinking "niggas are really in here partying not knowing we bouta go to fucking war"

If you're looking for work in #ClearBrook, VA, check out this #job:  #casualdining #dennys… 

Webcam! Hottie Is Machine Fucked With A Hitachi On Webcam 

That's another thing. Tooooooo many stories. I can say so much but I don't feel like typing. I believe in a presenc… 

Major bridges in Atlanta collapsing, Hazmat scare, Bomb threats, HUGE thunderstorm and now powers out.. I'll tell you when the zombies start

Race car girls take turns anal fucked 

My wife needs to be renewed, to be filled with the spirit. I need a volunteer. I need a young black man. #reconciliation #wearevictory

unfortunately this lil dude passed away from some sort of head trauma before I could get home. I'm going to bury him tomorrow :(

#MountainBiking has certainly earned its reputation here in the #winelands. Link:  

That magical feeling you get when it feels like the universe is on your side and everything will turn out exactly like you hoped it would  

Yea I'm mad Now. Cause Bitches Will keep Sending Until I React

Yelp acquires Wi-Fi marketing company Turnstyle Analytics for $20 million (sarahintampa)  

British Telly: New Shows on BritBox for April – Red Dwarf, Easter from Kings, Ordinary Lies, Not Safe for Work an... 

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

We are about to turn back the hands of time in this Country due to your President Elect. He needs to be more controlled.

You're fucking crazy if you'll think I'll ever change. I am I, I am me, I'll never change my ways.

100 FUCKING K LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL 

Hand turned - Darts - Custom Hardwoord, custom weight, precision turned competition darts, Steel..  #razors #gifts

Bullshit on a stick..I've never seen a president loved more by the military...fake ass news and polls..I'm sick of… 

To Order this Package Please Call On Our Toll Free Number: +1(855) 811-2113  

#royal Prince Philip studies a mannequin on display as part of an exhibition of medieval costumes designed by York… 

... work hard for her and never complain. She's the reason for everything great in me..she inspires me. I cherish her.

SONIC THE HEDGEHOG #161 - NM/M Condition - SCOURGE - June 2006 Issue  

This Stephen Piscotty + Scott Sterling mashup literally made me cry.   Here is the original Scott Sterling skit (… 

Running after some pussy that cheated on and left you for another nigga , now she cheating on that nigga with you ? Lmfao Fucking dumb asses

Forreal I'm so bad at putting myself first sometimes like i want other people to be happy idc about my feelings lmfao

#BenFranklin lived "in serene comfort and affection" at #BFHouse for 16 years. Join us on 12 April and discover his surrogate London family!

Everytime I give Kilo the sux she fucking plays Bruno mars on the way to the club and I give her the starkest face everytime   

25years ago "Welfare" was not a "British" word instead it was "Social Security" - was current name and attitude im… 

I absolutely HATE blue cheese, I hate the way it looks, I hate the way it smells and it's mouldy, fucking MOULDY.

Schumer: Trump Should Ditch Gorsuch for a ‘Mainstream Nominee’  

 ️ MY RETARDED ASSSSSS EX NEED TO SEE THIS !!!!!!!!!! 

She text me "I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you" But how the fuck can you hate me?  ‍ 

#drip : the sound of the water, through the roof and landing on the ceiling plaster / sealing plastic, inside #POTUS45's house of cards.

Buying new clothes because you can't fit into your old clothes is the greatest feeling in this world

"The Galactic Cosmic Ray Electron Spectrum from 3 to 70 MeV Measured by Voyager 1 Beyond the Heliopause" See 

How to make money on face book fan pages - फेस बुक से पैसे कैसे कमाएं: make money online How To Make Money Online…… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

LOOKIT, #SWDETKAVEMAN PROMOTE YOUR MUSIC! PRODUCERS, RECORD COMPANIES,FILL MY SITE! LET ME REVIEW YOUR MUSIC VIDEO! TWO YRS EXPERIENCE!

I'm sick of falling asleep on my phone and it dying in my sleep pissing man off now

I don't do crossfit bro. If I'm gonna swing a sledge hammer it's gonna drive whatever I hit it with into the fucking ground.

Should you develop a company #chatbot? All the pros and cons of implementing this tech in your #digitalstrategy… 

oh now is time for helmsley v. rollins, cant wait to see the over the top entrances #Wrestlemania #wwe

both of them r vvv great friend of mine but 2nd nalang mas better attitude nya ;> 

Follow IG accounts of kids who post their uber expensive everything. So if there's something sketchy about their wealth pala, you can fish  

Chelsea transfer news: Andreas Christensen wanted permanently by Borussia Monchengladbach despite…… 

#NBA Wire: Garrett Richards looks like old self in 2017 debut before leaving with an injury  

'Syrian folk dancers perform in #Damascus in this photo taken in the 1960s' - Source:  (… 

I'm inspired to work for a company that cares about technology and people. I would love to bring #VR to #TreesOfPeaceFilm! #womenatintel

For all your financial needs make sure you check out our Arvest Bank proud sponsor of the RRCBF Official Afterparty

#AutismAwarenessMonth Please, don't support this and don't light it up blue. Autism speaks hurts us. Wear red instead for acceptance!

Neelam Gill: 'People don't understand how hurtful it is to be discriminated against’ 

10 and More Things #Women Simply Love to Hear Chris Rock, a famous comedian, said that women need three things: f 

You are trying a new approach to doing your chores today. You ... More for Leo 

The obstruction of governments by partisan senates has to come to an end. Solution coming. #Intervene 

#college is literally a communist brainwashing camp designed to destroy America and place people in debt. You're a moron if you go.

AUNZ : Is a LGBTI pride centre bound for Bendigo? - Jakob Quilligan, who co-ordinates LGBTI social group Friends… 

Yes I am fuking crazy at betting but I've done my research and here is the beauty , follow or don't but enjoy my be… 

If ever I see you smile and know that it is not for me, that is when I will miss you the most. YASNER MOST REQUESTED

SUPPLY CHAIN SUPPORT LEAD Information Systems - San Diego, CA, , USA #jobs #San Diego pls RT: This position reports… 

Government Departments Are Leaking Your Personal Data #UConn #AFLEaglesSaints 

Instead of buying Share Tea's spicy Taiwanese chicken for 75 pesos. Just get KFC's regular Hot Shots for 50.  

Bro wtf is this Starbucks gift card bargain bin industry plant ty Dolla sign ripoff bullshit and why is it promoted… 

#tmz Kendall Jenner Pepsi Ad Mirrors Real Protests ... Not Really (PHOTO GALLERY)  #celebnews

#Philadelphia 1 bedroom - Wood burning fireplaces, Garages available, Exterior storage 

definitely not a conservative MP says man in gimp mask  #Tory #sex #politician�

A huge South Korean cargo ship which had 24 people on board has gone missing in the South Atlantic. via /r/worldne… 

Quality Inspector - Derby - Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited #engineering 

Tarboro, NC - Keihin North America - IT Plant PC Hardware-Network - The purpose of this is to aug...  #COMPUTER #JOB

The irony here is that $twtr may be the most disfunctional public co in the US, which is also a major accomplishmen… 

2 Boys Foil Perverts by Recalling 1 Thing Mom Taught Them About "Tricky" Adults 

"I Will Build a Tower" - Irish Folk Song Wild Mountain Thyme" by the Clancy Brothers.......He is Gonna Get His... 

Amazing Ceilings Inc of #SouthFlorida Explains 5 Reasons Why Should You Opt For a #DroppedCeiling ?… 

Reallife girl fucking on cam MelanieXHot  

I really need to run errands after work but holy frick i just want to lay in bed and cuddle my cat  

ahh,, man i still feel super bad and negative hheck i think i've gotten worse for some reason asfhsbbx i hate feeling like this,

Temp:14.0°C Wind:3.1mph N Light air. Pressure:1007.6hPa Falling Autoforecast:Fairly fine, showery later

Why make me cry from the morning to night when we could be fucking ?

i'm literally gonna just go to school tomorrow for photos and leave during break i'm so fucking done

Jackie Moore cant wait to get fucked 

I'm the one that doesn't text back   sorry I'm probably sleeping or something   ‍ 

While adaptability is often a useful trait, your infamous stub... More for Taurus 

Ellie can't cope with Trump doing sensible things. No Ellie, the world should sort Syria out, install Merkel as Syrian president #skypapers

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Two tranny such each others cocks while fucked by gay guy  #shemale #shemales #tranny 

I've been to get contraception 5 fucking times this month and they've given me nothing once again how is that even allowed? What a joke

I love being home but I hate not being able to just go out for a cigarette when I'm feeling gross nd cant sleep rip

She's our president by popular demand, by 2.9M votes. Although she did not win electoral college we can take comfor… 

Raytheon, Lockheed Lead Defense Stocks Up After U.S. Attacks Assad  #markets #economy

That's not to say that it's always been that way. When I was younger, I was a lot more susceptible to nonsense crushes on my women friends.

My dude okky came in with his head bleeding and no clue where his car is or how fucked up he got   

everyone, please take care of yourselves. your safety comes first #13ReasonsWhy 

IF YOU CALL HIM DADDY YOU KNOW HE GETTING IN THE PANTIES SO DADDY DADDY DADDY 

Participants receiving one on one guidance from their instructor during our Adobe Photoshop class last week. 

i was watching this dumb ass horror/comedy movie last night and this one dude had to get some keys off of a dead vampire so he stuck his

Another sneak peek of this upper east side apt installation. #interiordesign #interiorstyle… 

Parents' Association Quiz Night in The Cleaboy Bar tonight Thursday at 9:00pm. Teams of four €20. Please support fu… 

I just want Gordon Ramsay to call me an idiot sandwich

How company culture can make or break your business:  #Culture #Business #CIO

blackface is fucking disguisting 

Save MNCare, Medicaid in MN! Email reps NOW, tell them vote NO on House HHS Omnibus Budget bill.... 

Kate Hudson Just Posted A Completely Nude Pic And It's Way Too Hot To Handle\ 

Does "you're fucking annoying" count? 

Magellano: the flexibility to cook with steam and the simplicity of a mechanical product. #pironovens 

(The Cheating Saga: My Wife's Friend ñ Aisha Part 2 - Fuck me with that big cock, I want it insde me 

#facking anali bigwoman her bigass having fucking sex 

Was told my mummy O'BOT looked more like a burn victim than a mummy... too neat I suppose. I still love him.  … 

marcus is a fucking bitch id like to kick him in the nuts

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

Famine could strike 20m people in Nigeria, South Sudan, Somalia and Yemen this...  by… 

Amazon US Summary: "Good character development combined with excellent plot" US  UK 

#Cantonese nouns require classifiers when counted. Each noun has one classifier. #language 

This world is so fucked up... it's actually so bad

THIS JUST FUCKED MY WORLD UP 

what did i do in the past life to receive this glorious torture #BTSinAnaheim 

The amount of dirty dishes in your kitchen says something about your creativity…  

You know what I hate? Being ignored, put down, judged, feeling insecure, being hurt and losing friends.

This what ecstasy pills had me doing after he beat for 4+ hrs and this was the first time I had sex in over four an… 

Chocolate Cherry Pull Apart Bread - Homemade bread with a sweet cherry and chocolate touch. Irresist 

The actions of my country's leaders over my lifetime in no way reflect the will of its people. Today I feel sick to my fucking stomach

Admiration for a quality or an art can be so strong that it deters us from striving to possess it. Friedrich Nietzsche #friedrichnietzsche

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Malaysia: Muslim MP and former Sharia court judge says 9-year-olds can marry and rapists can marry victims 

FUCKING C'MON #nufc smash them #swfc piggy bastards #lufc

Another #investor rejection letter > no matter   we'll continue building our platform and prove them wrong ||… 

8 fucking hours of my life gone on 13 reasons why and clay still hasn't LISTENED TO ALL OF THE TAPES

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

History will not look kindly on those who would strip evidence-based science from policy-making. …we're looking at… 

of him walking by late at night. You both reached the water fountain at the same time. The class difference was immediately noticeable.

I'm so fucking done with all this shitty ass bullshit.

#AE Recruiting|Civil Practice Lead, Chicago, IL #Leadership #Jobs #Engineering 

Climate-induced species migrations could upend human society: study.  

when guys talk to me I just wanna go sleep, boring ass conversation

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

Matt 11:29: Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls.

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Blessed Mama Glittering Trucker Style Cap Hat Grey G..." by BHW.  #giveaway

#face fucking teens geeky porn 

Fill In The Blanks And We'll Guess Which Food Fucking Disgusts You -  

1-I reported ms15-034 to my workplace, IT dept. said, "are you telling a story? is this copy paste? we use server 2008 which can't be vuln.

Turkey grabbing Syrian land by moving border fence – Syrian ambassador to Russian media..#Turkey..#Syria 

This should be illegal! The media cannot play the role of the opposition party. 

"i can't fucking believe that i just fucking sent this picture of my fucking ugly picture of my face....... fuck" - alina 2017

Is it bad that I'm sitting here with the red power coin in my hand lol? Like it's hardly left my side since I've got it.

#NBA Wire: Mike Conley suffers eye injury vs. Spurs - Mike Conley | MEM  

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

Treckin' into Tortolla! <EMOJI>️ #sailthreemoons #britishvirginislands #yachting #yachtcharter 

tonight 9:30pm #Xfiles #XfilesLiveTweetX first week using #Hulu ...thanks for that #Netflix fail* anyways...have to keep going its too good.

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

How could u do that to me for 4 months? I just been fucking boy just 2 days and i cant do that anymore. because i had heart.

I use nexus for some of the bells which are really nice, nut never tried vengeance. What are your favorite VSTs? 

How is California gonna survive the war if our citizens aren't allowed to arm themselves with real bad ass weapons when NK or Syria invades

Fucked around and got attached to you, friends can break your heart too.

#QuiddiCompare has just helped another happy customer from Kirkwall,  #cleversearch #getaloan

Why do people act so awkward when they ask you where you served your mission, and you say you didn't....like it's not a big deal, calm down

You might have plans for a peaceful day of rest and relaxation... More for Cancer 

When my father and my mother forsake me, then the LORD will take me up. Psalm 27:10. 

A typical woman in CA loses $289,080 over a 40-year career. See the lifetime wage gap in your state: 

Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot' 

#Sporting #Goods: Vtg Grant Hill Detroit #Pistons Champion #Jersey Size 44 Large Authentic Stitched… 

Music: TMcube – Thank You Jesus Thank You Jesus by TMcube, is another spirit filled track from their debut album… 

fucking and sucking massage slut 

NWT Michael Kors Greenwich Medium Leather Bucket Bag ~ Black/Electric Blue  

No clout. I WONT GIVE A RAT NO FAME I WON'T GIVE A RAT NO CLOUT. Why you throwing stones at houses? Have u got a bullet proof house? Nah

Big Data and a big problem: Crunching the numbers on retention   #Opines on #BigData

St David's Grade 00/0 inter-house athletics. Great spirit and fun had by all. #proudly_marist 

Somebody fucked up at academy. Put a $60 basketball for $3  

You'll stay as a reminder of how fucked this world can be

"a yield sign means stop and wait your fucking turn." -stephanie

Celebrating first appearance of Boruto, Naruto The Next Generation #lol by visiting smallest… 

THIS MUSIC VIDEO IS GOING TO BE INSANE IS HE FUCKIN FLYING? 

Classic case of corruption involved road agency ZINARA whch bought 40 grdrs 4 $8mln.No tender, executives received "fat" termination packs

Magneto would absolutely destroy that piece of alien trash, Magneto In the transformers universe would mean them mo… 

you believe an invisible man in the sky created/interacts with literally everything but don't believe someone can c… 

Trump says Syria attack crossed 'a lot of lines for me'  

self confidence would take a massive nose dive. but today, I took a deep breath and didn't let it get to me. I've made it too far to let it-

The singer is under the impression that sex would increase a guy's interest in her and she's right. #MansplainedSongs #RomeoVoid

Sniffin' cocaine cause I didn't have no Actavis Smokin' propane with my clique and the bad bitches call me Cobain

i feel like it disappoints so many ppl that i won't go to a bar but i yam who i yam. im not a drinker or a people person. i'd rather be home

1000 pcs 2mm Czech Glass Seed Spacer beads Jewelry Making DIY 009  

Breasty mature I'd like to fuck Kali Kavalli receives her lovely vagina pounded 

You aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your... More for Virgo 

Latest thirdAGE post: Streamlined Analysis Can Help with Emotional Difficulties 

Katie K plays with drums backing her for the first time! This young woman has grown tremendously over the past... 

Now how the fuck you figure Bernie is going to appeal to *them* without throwing minorities of every stripe under t… 

That must be why *45 did not bother to ask for permission. Maybe Congress should move to Florida since *45 spends m… 

Check out these views enjoyed from the #masterbathroom! #architecture  

Some1 needs to tell Katrina that doing movies with Salman wont bring her career back on track She lost d fan follow… 

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

US Commited a 'Blatant Agression' Act Against Syrian Army Base - General Staff 

gotta get that late night laugh before i head to bed baby girl , you know the drill 

I remember my 1st girlfriend said she was leaving because of my obsession with The Monkees I thought she was joking. And then I saw her face

I was in a bad mood but you can bet your ass I'm not anymore. 

Of course the one time I have plans theres a fucking tornado alert

#Southafrica It's time for the government to take down the bird feeder. No more free meals for those who sit and shit on the stoep.

Seniors! Time to turn in the bed sheet orders tomorrow during your lunch time. Someone from Project Graduation... 

MY EYES ARE FUCKING SWEATING 

#stackextra We Don’t Have ‘Killer Numbers’, 08030004900 Was A Telemarketing Number - MTN… 

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

this week on Pharah Is A Raging Lesbian For Mercy. #overwatch #pharmercy <3 

#9: The Indoor Playground with Blippi - Learn Colors and more: The Indoor Playground with…  #Educational #Movies

Why You Should Be Putting Salt in Your Coffee #coffeehacks  

I bet he's wearing that fucking stupid ass tech vest. 

If You Have A Girlfriend Who Has Such A Flexible Waistline Like This Then My Brother You…  

One spot on my neck and I try to Google Diagnose myself with various skin conditions. Now have nausea from all the… 

Lords report is 'wake-up call' the NHS desperately needs, health leaders say 

When God asks us to give up something, He does it for a reason. It's not to be mean, but often it is because it... 

Imma start tweeting bout shit that happens at the gym. Cuz I be cracking up sometimes disgusted all by my self.

This sums up my day today. Lost phone/ found phone. Locked Keyes and phone in jeep/ got locksmith to get Keyes... 

#M62 Delays Near J29/M1/J42 eastbound and southbound caused by congestion [source: 

As is now evident, UIDAI is faced with two choices in each of these issues. They can either fix the problem,... 

Found a Transponder Snail! A behind-the-scenes look at Galley-La Shipyard!  #TreCru 

There is nothing wrong with the ad people. You just made a huge deal out of it 

I need 136 subscribers in 1 week to hit 2k for my birthday, looks like I'll be doing a lot of streaming this week

BILIS YOU BASTARD!!!!! I'M GONNA FUCKING KILL YOU!!!!!! #torchwood #endofdays

Assault charges withdrawn against journalist/activist Andray Domise, pleads guilty to mischief for damaging phone 

note to self: any girl that says 'I'm not a fuckgirl' is fucking lying

BETBRIGHT-Bet £30 at Doncaster and Get 6 x £10 Free Bets,New customers TandC'S apply JOIN HERE for your £60 in FREE bet… 

Mr Trump good luck, we belive you will change "wrong" rules and give us back freedom!!! 

HEART Wrenching.....my heart BLEEDS for this man and all those suffering! Don't look away because it makes you... 

Check out our newest listing in #WalnutCreek! Tell us what you think! #realestate  

I have to subtract the number of characters in my name from the allowance of 140 to make my tweets "re-tweet"able. #GoodTimes

Although you may swing into action early in the day with high ... More for Sagittarius 

when ur a pissbaby and cant admit that u fucked up without victimizing yourself 

Delighted to be part of the team for the new national eating disorders training. More info.. #systemic 

erika no matter how mean i am to you, you know i lo... — I bet this is going to be a "you thought like shit ... 

Let's talk for a minute about how Carolina shouldn't even be playing in this tournament right now due to a decades long ACADEMIC SCANDAL

I was standing in back of house with my manager and all I hear is "um hey *manager's name* the ceiling fell on someone"... THE F'N CEILING

The moon that never ends every season! Dogs don't trusts nobody without any reason #moon #dog #Moonlight #poetry… 

Notice of Proposal to Approve the City of Dillingham s Application for Air Quality Control… 

Trump Fires Warning Shot in Battle Between Bannon and Kushner - The New York Times 

If y'all can't see that battle of the sexes wasn't inclusive and morally wrong than we have bigger issues to deal w/… 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

MY FUCKING BBABABABYYbbnbb 

Harte Fleshlight Fick im Bad mit Cum innen 

Your favourite BBN housemate cannot recite the Nigerian national anthem,yet you're soliciting for votes from Nigerians, she's not one of us.

Location, location, location! Great Tabor location for this delightful 748sqft ranch! Bring your tool belt and your… 

SalesGirl In Lingerie Store Fucked 

Your success is tied to someone else's dreams while the Sun's ... More for Pisces 

If I had to describe Mass Effect to someone, I'd say it's basically a more violent Oregon trail with aliens and sudoku.

#NowPlaying Cracked Walls - Florian Picasso and Vassy LISTEN LIVE:  

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

WrestleMania: 8 things we learnt from the NXT TakeOver in Orlando  

You don't have to be a rocket scientist to understand why negative comments on a bw's is a racially insensitive.

Eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind Forrest Gump Truman show La cité des enfants perdus 

#TheWalkingDead I so did not see that coming. Gosh dang. Plz let hilltop, kingdom and the forest women arrive like heroes and wreck negan

Our new #Tastemade video features our Avocado Crab Dip! This recipe is sure to be a hit! #AFMsweepstakes -… 

We're talking about the evolution of people's names and how they identify with it!!!! How come innever got to talk about this before!!!!

I don't think Scarlett is ever going to drop the 'aspiring' as a prefix to 'author' #MarriedAtFirstSight #9married #MAFS #smallears

Hello baseball, the JocPops of this season begins with an opening day grandslam! 

<EMOJI>️ #News • ‘Guardian of peace’ Erdogan urges Kurds to expand his powers in referendum: The Turkish President has…… 

Israeli legislature passes contentious demolition law  

Video 1 of 2 THIS is why some ppl don't sleep at night-because it's the ONLY quiet time they give themselves to... 

According to the University College London and Harvard University, Britons have no worse dental health than Americans. #betterbelieveit

Let’s talk about Mass Effect Andromeda’s story and tone  

It's hard to sit still and do nothing today, making it extreme... More for Gemini 

bareback fucking hairyarabcubbt 

Are you going to the SF CockroachDB User Group meetup on Wednesday? Don't miss it: 

Don’t listen to the naysayers, bear markets are the best time to jump into the #stockmarket 

ive heard the word interior so many times today and each time, without fail, i have had to sing through interior crocodile alligator

This is the most heat anyone has taken ever in the history of the world it almost makes me feel bad for roman

Had to delete that sprinkle of Jesus app and stop paying to attention to the signs. Ain't gonna let that shit define me or gimme mixed feels

MESSE 2017: Mackie Big Knob Monitor Controllers (video)  #musictechnology #musicproduction 

Meningitis: We’ll provide ample funding for healthcare – Saraki: The Bukola Saraki-led Senate, Yesterday,…  #News

#enews24ghanta 'The Walking Dead' finale brings 'All Out War' but only one major death  Via… 

Considering I have my A level dance tomorrow and I don't actually have a dance I think I'm going to fail

Nick Shiambouros is in the hot seat today, and he's picked out one afternoon, and one evening runner.… 

Especially when I haven't done shit in my life besides try and detoxify trauma from my body and make a few beats here and there

In London 500 churches closed and 423 new mosques were built. New study from some independent source. Geo News

Latest News trials for Israeli missiles worth over Rs 4,000 crore manipulated? 

Hundreds of Australians under investigation in international tax fraud probe 

Don't forget about Jessica's weekly pairing!!! #permissiontoindulge #comesipwithus… 

This actually happened to me too I tried to recruit a demon, bungled it, then I ran into them later and they join… 

Nothing will deter you from fulfilling your ambitions once you... More for Sagittarius 

Wtf! JD didn't give the record deal to Deetranada! He gave it to Nova bootleg August Alsina looking ass   #TheRapGame

helping us to put ourselves out there instead of waiting for someone to find us! - Aisling and Ray 

i know what i did wrong and i apologized im not tryna shut anyone up and if i was you wouldn't still be in my menti… 

I wonder how many college basketball players are actually watching this highly competitive Final Four game..?    #PositiveScreenTime

Analysts Expect Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. (ANW) to Post $0.36 EPS 

Remembering Gilbert Baker, creator of the Rainbow Flag and Sister Chanel 2001 on a rainy night. His star shines tonig… 

THE NEW YORK TIMES: Although it's possible to lose weight at any age, it's harder to shed extra pounds when you're… 

You're a fucking penis hole, grab a dick and eat it all

Are you fucking kidding me I can't use the App Store? 

Timberland Pro Men's Work Boots Power Fit Waterproof Membrane, Size 12 M  

And facial recognition?pfft.what if choi siwon tries to unlock my phone?for sure he will succeed. kuikuikui  

I literally don't see how ppl have the energy to hate their gf/bfs exes. Like I'm confident enough in what's time, I'll be ur friend idc   

Mel B’s hell marriage- Read full account of marriage to “abusive and violent” husband in…  

#WTL when you got a menfess telling your English is bad, but the sender's English also.....Hasemeleh.

College babe giving BJ and getting fucked in dorm room orgy 

PSP System Bundle 18 Games PlayStation Portable Lot Spider Man Grand Theft Auto  

Yup. And still get fucked over , so I stop thinking 

The Hits Keep Coming as 21 Advertisers Have Now Dumped Bill O’Reilly  

Let's play the game of typing letters into iMessage 'Send To' / see the names pop up you've deleted then have a little stalk on Instagram.

Nautica Men's A16582G BFD 105 Chrono Analog Display Analog Quartz Brown Watch 

I have done 2 yeti based pics for this weeks #colour_collective the first one is minimalist... #celadon… 

My drunk H2B just said Zoras are basically like tuna, and that mermaids are just small dolphins with faces  

 Hiding in plain sight: 4 places to find cybersecurity talent in your own organization… 

If you Leland folk were wondering why your lights went out tonight. You can thank Rachel. 

“I don’t care who the fuck you are, I’ll never work with you again. I’m a fucking person!” You’re a bloody nuisance, ya noisy thing, shhhh

We have radical islamists all over the world killing people by the droves and tapper is worried about offending the… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

The #Eagles offseason workout program begins two weeks from today on April 17. Brace yourselves. The 2017 season is coming. #FlyEaglesFly

Of course, you want to be recognized for your contributions on... More for Pisces 

Having trust issues can mentally fuck up a person so bad. Watch what you say and do.

youtube you're fucking up man 

Struggling to find more time to share content that will connect with your followers? You don't have to! Use 

This fucking made my day. Can't stop laughing.      

my baby my angel my sunshine my ray of light my cutie pie my sugar baby my cupcake the love of my life 

My entire family is coming and supporting the rugby team I am apart of at the tournament and if that isn't love I don't know what is #BLESSED

|| I just noticed Seth's outfit. Who dressed him? A fucking bird?

STAMP FDC MAXICARD of ESTONIA 2002 - 2016 - Wild animals in Estonia  

One of its kind experiment by #reddit throws light on the changing dynamics of social engagement  #SocialMedia

#Antalya wife #wank #relax fucking swingers #companion #strip rubbing teenie 

God is sailing this ship hence such bold declarations,Faith is stirring a tornado,I see manifestation of financial power,it is time... #Slay

IT'S 8.32 AM AND I WANT TO FUCKING SLEEP YOU TWAT.

//LESS RHAN THIRTY MINUTES AND I AM ALEEADY FUCKED UO 

In all the hustle and bustle we bid #farewell to the #DarkHorse and the '#spirit ' of Food and Beverage service… 

That's what his stupid ass get.    

Quietly located period residence with beautiful gardens currently on the market with our Launceston Office. Visit:… 

Mom Adopts Orphan With Nose Eaten Off By Animals. 3 Years Later, She Transforms 

i fucking hate the ppl making jokes and trying to make memes out the the serious situation going on with Syria. Where tf is your humanity.

Fucking idiot. Should have let Fraser take it. #FPL    

PCC will be on a normal schedule today, April 4. The Student Leadership Jamboree will proceed as scheduled. Please drive safely. #PCCAlert

Fucking Machine bang my Butthole 

Pitt assistant Jeremy Ballard, whom I've always heard great things about, is headed to join the new staff VCU 

Don't forget in participate in our poll in #GlobalDiscussion #OAS #UN  

Vain idiot boy can't stop being vain, can't be bothered to shave, more at 11 

  YASSS It's time for a great show DROIDMasterMatt:#Chilling #TGIF  

It was day one of clean up at the #ACAC, our 2017 show space! It was hard work in a messy space but we are so... 

Aroma Magic Flaky Oil Control Dandruff With Its Natural Anti Bacterial 15ml  

101 suspects held for supplying drugs to students in Islamabad  

The fact that Ryan's mom and I still have a great relationship after everything that happened makes me happy 

A year after Panama Papers, is enough being done to stop illicit finance? - Transparency International (press... 

Grading - Thursday evening, April 13th, Leederville Dojo. It would be great if everyone could come along to... 

men being fucked with strapon dildo 

the only time i've ever worn sweatpants in public is the day after hillary rodham clinton lost the election.

If anybody has any DJs emails or any helpful links within the industry that you can bring me in on over thatd be really helpful...    #Certi

Venezuela Protests As Maduro Blocks 'Opposition' For 15 Years  #Banking #Finance

60 Games in 1 Bar Top Arcade Machine BRAND NEW * NO RESERVE  

Apparently he is a "Level 1" tech support, and will be sending me on to "level 2". Buckle up, gang, gonna be a bumpy ride.

Market move: Secret Leader is the new favourite for R2 at Kalgoorlie. More at 

My lord, this graduating class.. maybe a few of you truly value this existence and know why we're here.

Uzbek man main suspect in Swedish truck attack that killed four -  

Bleum has proven experience integrating JDA’s products into challenged production environments. #WMS #TMS #WFM 

Implementing a new #PhV system seems just too hard? For #Argus Blueprint, fast deployment are the bywords!… 

Every answer to your question is life deadass it's fucking life

My new post, or the one where I fell for The New Garconne, is up in  #style #fbloggers #garconne #gentlewoman

I COMPLETELY forgot this guy managed to play for Real Madrid for a short while     

WOW: Emirates Unveils World's Biggest Plane, Featuring Swimming Pool, Park, And More! 

does canada allow kratom alabama isnt cool indiana would throw us in jail  i am not a crook… 

cause i have hella feelings for you, i act like i don't fucking care, cause i'm so fucking scared

Carrot Blow Job scene in Fast Times... I was 7 when I saw this movie...my youngest is 7....OMG...nooooo lol

McDonalds: jennahhhhhhhhh We're just following their recipe, but maybe when McD's and Coke are combined—it’s straight up delicious!

Y'all bitches wear that diamond ugly ass choker with everything including pjs....stop hoes y'all look ugly

If I damaged my car because ignorant Frick-faces don't know how to drive around a mcdonalds imma be super pissed.

Read the fucking book omfg 

I just want mugs to stop lying to me like that's fucking it....

There's a fog advisory in effect and visibility is VERY limited in some areas. Drive with caution. #ymm #ABRoads

Sojay said haters gon hate buh me dont even give a 'F'.haters can somersault and die.......download and share. 

Everything from your past does not belong in your present. - Lolly Daskal #leadership #progressivedevelopment #inspiration #startup

Orange Spain to launch new 'Go'-branded mobile tariffs  

Dear Women: You can’t read. Your hair looks bad. And stop shaking your head.  

Kyles been watching the masters for the past 3 hours and I swear watching paint dry would be more entertaining #fallingasleep

It's become a regular thing for me to watch the Great British Baking Show while I sew. I'm geriatric

How have we watched John Cena for so long and know what he's capable of yet he's being booked like a jobber right now. #wrestlemania

I'm the worst combination of sick and knackered but I still ended up being the only one driving for hours on end. Great fun...

"Single most important issue" in a country where children die on the streets of hunger 

leftsidestoryUS: Judge: Trump Incited Violence Against Protesters At Kentucky Rally via /r/Liberal  #Liberal

did they speed his up bc h talks sooo fucking slowwww 

I love China. They might not love my black ass but I love getting shipping notifications when I have insomnia nights

Sometimes I will just be reaching for my phone here and the neighbor lady will take off a chunk of my heart.. lol and that's acceptable?

This dude is jamming a pen in his ear to clean it while asking questions during a meeting. Super excited to be sitting right behind him    

It''s there on the posters - though why bunnies and chocolate eggs are part of the Christian heritage of the UK is… 

Of course not. Typical of this admin's MO: blurt #alternativefact or #violateEthicsLaw then hope everyone forgets.… 

Tomorrow we have our monthly Bible Study tomorrow at 11:30! Afterwards we will be cleaning up the church as part of our community service!

Caslon NEW Light Blue Womens Size Large L Tank Scoop-Neck Top $22 307 DEAL  

We are going to war cause this idiot wanted to drop 50 bombs on a country   ‍

Prince Philip fascinated by TATTOOS during visit to Grenadier Guards #RoyalFamily 

i guess it doesnt matter cuz those are olds cod but shits annoying link me in AW please maln

Hello people in #NewYork, #California and elsewhere, now you can enjoy a new movie here:  

WATCH INTERVIEWS ON WITHANACCENTTV WITH CAUTION! Their interview with Henry and Natalia had a spoiler idk if the other ones they did do but

Today a dream I never thought I'd see happen comes true. Today I can say with pride, IM GOING TO #Wrestlemania baybay

can fucking humphrey notice me already jesus fucking christ

H101: Electronics Handling Service | Emirates  #ban #electronics #emirates 

Miles raps energetically about his relationship with jesus christ, and it's a fucking horrible track

it's harry day U fucking asshole be considerate 

Except the senate intel committee knows that there was nothing unusual about Rice's request. McConnell is a pile. 

Annual car festival of Lord Lingaraj: Rukuna Rath halts at Tinimundia Chhak; to resume journey tomorrow #Odisha

Let's not forget messages that have stood the test of time, wars, media, politicians and presidents #ammo #merica… 

A History of the World's Religions by David S. Noss.  

women ass fucking #audition porn clips 

The demand of Teachers is genuine these demands must be accepted. But they are requested to continue paper examine also.

A strong individual never DECAYs instead he or she DECAYs the things that cause him or her to DECAY #Yow_MPina 

SARCASMS the ability to insult idiots without them realizing it 

at this moment daniel knew he fucked up 

Everything is about PA, did we make a huge move up on API? No Did #wti make any strong spike after? No #oott

Why can't the world just Give me a fucking break   

So, It is important to #choosewisely. Somewhere, I read an article by Eric Flint  34/?

6 people followed me and 11 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Wish I can literally wear whatever the fuck I wanna wear to work. Hate rules.

Happy National Empanada Day! Enjoy 1/2 Off our Authentic Cuban Empanadas all day! #cuban #cantina #diningoutchatt... 

Never watched Naruto aside from a few episodes when it was on TV and the final battle on YT, BORUTO was alright, nothing fantastic

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

Japanese fleet returns from Antarctic hunt with 333 whales - Fri, 31 Mar 2017 PST 

I'm sorry that pretend scumbag gangsters don't get lame ass recognition they deserve... you're an idiot 

I fucking hate yall sm, jesus christ 

#BreakingNews Kurdish voters stabbed outside Turkish consulate in Brussels – reports  #News… 

Sale #Sale Sale New Stock Available Samsung American Power Bank 20,000 Mah Power Battery   Limited Stock... 

so we driving and we smell like a shitty sewage smell   and hope is like brooo wtf that smell is horrible    

#FakeNews MSM will tell us that what was illegal here was that Obama got caught. #DrainTheSwamp. 

don't take Buckley's if you plan to go out...I feel so droopy now and I'm at school. I wanna go home.

Might pull up wit yo bitch just to make these niggas sick

he won't see shit evil never see 

100 Pcs Dental Heavy 5.0 oz CLEAR ORTHODONTIC LATEX ELASTICS RUBBER BANDS 3/8"  

since i gave up on an exo comeback anytime soon i hope atleast infinite will release something this summer

w aslan Ma bikounu hedru l game w ma bya3rfu shi 3n Hoffenheim bas enu badna nhke cz WE ARE MADRIDIOTS YAY !! VAMOS RAMOS YAY !!

Hello people in USA, #UK, #Canada, #Pakistan and elsewhere! Watch new movie here:  

You could work with such a passionate intent today that you in... More for Pisces 

Ivanka Trump Says She Doesn't Know What it Means to be 'Complicit'  

Likewise, time is highly relative. One second for one being is not the same as it is for another; it might unfold differently for each.

He may be an anathema to most of us but the stark reality is...JZ is not going anywhere... not during his lifetime....

"I’m not exactly sure who these people are worshiping, but it isn’t Jesus. Yet, thousands of Christians R sending" 

bitch it's fucking spring, why is this weather wildin?  

HIS LIPS HIS GLASSES HIS STUBBLE HIS NOT-ALL-THE-WAY-BUTTONED-UP SHIRT HIS CHEST HAIR 

Sprint fucked Up when they told me I could change #s 3 times

After dropping, you see your LBs get love after the probate and you realize you fucked up 

10 Wrestling Records That Won't Be Beat Anytime Soon  

Why is my colleges default jpeg viewing software fucking paint

Whether it's digital, IT, workforce or security transformation, businesses must adapt to our disruptive society 

12002 started on 03/04/2017 Reached its destination HBJ and was 14 Mins Late 

JIM!!!! I'm being nibbled to bits by piranhas/ put away the fucking camera what do ya b doing with them photos anyw… 

Jacksonville man charged with unlicensed contracting, fraud, grand theft  

I just want to participate in one of these approval rating polls...until then I feel like my voice hasn't been properly heard

No one cares only the left ANTI TRUMP MSM? How much $ million did Hillary Clinton get and also from other countries? 

I completed a puzzle in One Clue Crossword. Play now for free!  #OneClueCrossword 

They really don't weigh your hand luggage at the airport. You could be carrying a bus but as long as it's not in your suitcase it's fine  

Brexit: What is the great repeal bill? - Credits Justin Tallis/AFP/Getty Images Alt Text Theresa May How more... 

'Good nervousness' prior to Tanaka's 3rd opener  Even after receiving the honor of season-opening assignments on tw…

Tony Danza’s plea to NYC mayor: Save mom-and-pop stores – WQOW TV News 18  #oakland

How to Organise your Memories – Love the idea of creating a memory box and we have plenty of boxes in store… 

I gotta do laundry in the morning because I fucking suck and didn't do it tonight, some ragrets

You're fucking with my head and I can't take it anymore

How u hoes keep y'all hair done but shoes be dirty    ‍

As if tuition fees have gone up £250, fucking outraged

We are going up! I just guided Chebby FC to 2nd place in Non-League C  [Free Edition]

The Week Ahead: 5 Things to Watch on the Economic Calendar:  #forexnews 

There have been multiple excellent moments I've tried to screenshot in P5 and it blocked all of em Gimme my memes back Atlus

Some people need to pack twitter in fucking jarring

Call Centre Advisor - NO WEEKENDS!! Call Centre Customer Service Advisors x 10 We are looking for con...

At last there is peace in my heart. The guy in the next apartment who used to get so high he'd vacuum the wall has moved out.

In 2015, those who do not have insurance will pay a fine of $325 or 2% of their income, whichever is greater.

Congress votes to repeal the FCC’s privacy rules for internet service providers 

The Dochitect. Where Medicine and Architecture Meet. Dr Diana Anderson on Healthcare Design.  

NEW RELEASE!! We'll release the 2nd single 'kazahana' of Mizu Amane that is the side project of… 

#ThinSectionThursday A ship made of minerals! Who can tell us the possible components of this thin section from… 

How Suspected Prostitutes Murdered A Brothel Owner In Ekiti State. Graphic Photo 

The leaders agreed to a threat to someone with remarkably powerful defenders who had been known as military patterns in Sunk.

my dad got stupid mad yesterday that he went to my room got all my clothes and my makeup threw them outside my door. I hate him so much.

On the road to the fortune and the fame but it's still fucked up   

Want Some Personalized Photography Education? Check These Out  

This dog just messed up his cage  so glad it happened now before I was sleeping good then the middle of the night

  YASSS It's time for a great show TheRealKatherinRojas:Where y'all a  

No transport fare increment for STC, MMT and Aayalolo customers - Kapital Radio 

Can't fucking wait!!         

Yo, don't even talk to me about April the fucking giraffe unless the baby is here.

Store bought salsa is delicious but homemade salsa is better! Check out this recipe here:  

really wanted him and fox (or at least one of them) to stay for another year :((( 

I Swear Sometimes It Be Awkward As Hell Asking My Mom Things Pertaining To My Boyfriend

It's all going according to the Putin/Trump plan, now they'll never believe we colluded! #distractanddeflect 

Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.

RT Steevan01 "RT Steevan01 "RT Steevan01 "RT Steevan01 "RT SpeakComedy "nobody fucking helps me in this house 

Meet with the new ADA, who used to work with one of my best friends from law school. Me, af: 

Sunrise went all out this morning to finish up their session! Great work!!   #trotternized 

I'll never get over the fact that none of the horrifying shit we have to fight and resist every day would be happening if HRC had won.

"They spake and said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, O king, live for ever." - Bible  

#13reasonswhy premiers today and i cannot fucking deal.   

When someone I don't like has me blocked or vise versa and people still text me screenshots. No ma'am.  

Free dirt free delivery all bay area services bobcat tractor...  

Elbow Tear of Mets’ Seth Lugo Will Cost Him at Least Two Weeks   

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Manager of Technical Escalations -  #IT #Atlanta, GA… 

Red Bull: The key areas where Christian Horner's team need to improve  

"21 Years After He Sacrificed His Pride and Joy, His Wife Reveals the Secret She’s Been Hiding 

FCA leads Canada auto sales in March, GM sales jump 27 percent  

Actually nothing worse than trying to tell someone something and they couldn't act less interested if they tried

Day 85 - Easter party at baby sensory this morning. Evie got to eat a lemon and a hot cross bun… 

Group cross over is the best thing in my entire life. My child and Jackson.    

i swear im not really that much a taehyung supremist i jjst happened to be listening to that song and i needed to send someone that picture

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

ER is an American medical drama television series created by novelist and medical doctor Michael Crichton that aired on NBC from September 1

#news #insights BlackBerry: Software turnaround largely complete; Here's how it'll grow in the future 

This family is fucking GOALS 

tbh i get stranger things being renewed but theres no way 13rw can have a second season bc hannahs storys done so i… 

WHAT KIND OF MONSTER DOESNT WASH THEIR HANDS AFTER THEY GO TO THE BATHROOM????? DO NOT TOUCH ME OR MY DOGS GO WASH YOUR PEE FINGERS

My mom always complaining, how you always mad for the stuff you're SUPPOSED to do? I didn't ask to be born.

Kenny done fucked around and got crazy with the visuals... well I'll be

And I have no doubt that for some businesses that rely heavily on contracts, blockchain will be very important.

I saw an NES Classic in the store the other day and I almost just, fucking bought it because it was there

[EXPERIMENTAL] applies some weird fucking BYOND memes to speed up Chemistry 

"What keeps you from murdering someone?" "God." "Wait, so if you didn't believe in God, what'd keep you from murdering someone?" "..."

Dragonair available until 08:32:28am (28m 30s). Dragon Breath / Aqua Tail (28.9% - 6/3/4) 

At the #BlueJaysMTL game. If there is any player you don't want to hit in Montreal it's Martin #hometown

I don’t wanna visit Yano’s villa. Who knows what he’s doing there, I mean– He’s got a HUUUUUUGE villa for himself only!

Handcuffed and blindfolded babe fucked in a homemade clip 

"HANTEL"(ALBA) PEWTER SCOTLAND VICTORIAN MINIATURE"FATHER CHRISTMAS(JOINTED)andBOX  

Scientists Have Discovered a Brand New Tyrannosaur With a Super-Sensitive Face  

#Food #News (#GroupBoard) : This recipe is easy and delicious. Whip up a batch of garlic mashed potatoes to serve …… 

lisa: plays message on machine lisa, halfway through the message: leaves the fucking house

ATTN: To the President of Russia V. Putin "...and the World was not worthy of them" (Hebrews 11:38)... 

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

After the boring international break I'm looking forward to watching some proper Filth tonight ! Get some blood on… 

What if one of shining stars win, we would have to hear about the timeshare and the stupid trophy #Wrestlemania

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

Upon further review, it was just me. Still no better way to describe this administration. #TheClownOfSuspicion 

Ukraine hopes a positive decision be approved by the IMF Board of Directors, it would… 

You might have trouble expressing your feelings today, but no ... More for Taurus 

Happy 2nd Birthday to my big boy Mr Keegan!    who turns 2 today already. Time is flying… 

'I'm going to name my son after Donald Trump. This man has balls', says survivor of Assad chemical attack... 

#man fucking goat girls kissing nude humping 

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

Blessed to receive and invite to compete in the Pro Football Hall of Fame Academy !!! 

Leominster Greens ask leader of Herefordshire Council to address town's 'disintegrating roads' 

Y'all are so easily offended but at the same time are so offensive. How does that work? Don't dish it if you not ready to take it.

Brian Jean says parents shouldn't be notified if kids a join gay-straight alliance  #yeg… 

W-139 FINAL FANTASY LIGHTNING Cosplay Wig pink rose 21 11/16in heat resistant  

✰ BETSEY JOHNSON Blooming Pearls Blush, Black and White Satchel with matching Wallet  

4 Eating Clean Food List Staples You Should Always Have - Health And Fitness Corner 

If he don't get out now, he gone be in there half a year and I gave him three months till he fuck up but damn he still there

Pancakes. Idkwutimdoing. Spotify it. #pancakes #idkwutimdoing #TimeTravelToThe90sIn4Words 

I won at Hawaii stage with 130 points! Challenge me now![ #Bowling_King 

ele tem 4 fucking meses aaaaaaa scrr 

Opened Street or Sidewalk Cleaning request via iphone at 2902 Octavia St  Mattress (double… 

Dr. Torrance Stephen's 'Nobel Neocolonialism' andand Black Media Trust 99  

Stay clear of 1 Jalan Tuaran near Jalan Tuaran Bypass #kltu. Drive times 28m more than usual  

After benefiting from #DeleteUber, Lyft executive joins the Trump administration 

dear santa: please bring me a punching bag and boxing gloves NOW. i can't wait til christmas. #ragehard

Excellent read drawings parallels between the gaming industry, Netflix,etc but showing how investment in employees s…

Forget the badges on the shirts - it's now about who wants it more. Great Lascelles interview here  #nufc

Five words to avoid in your vocabulary: actually, basically, literally, honestly and obviously. #education

Just had to say that talking crazy through inbox I'll show you how the situation can get handled real quick

lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER

In all reality what Im most looking forward to in Black Panther is all these black women kicking some ass. Gonna be… 

I'm scared to tell my mom that I got a tattoo If you're Mexican... you'll understand why I'm shitting bricks

-If it wasnt for my exam tomorrow, id be getting fucked up tonight.

#PictouAcademy Meeting: "Dr Optimization" now defending his #CCRSB operational recommendations and correcting a few of his errors #NSpoli

I literally marah my cousin for calling me Mai cs they hv been calling me Sarah since idk when and now tak pasal2 tukar Mai pulak mende

Just curious if all these crossfit girls who attain to put on 89 lbs of muscle are just doing it with plans to beat up their exboyfriends?

hehe i actually forgot my ticket nung epilogue. and i only realized it when i was halfway from the arena   haha

He was the most Savage dog I ever knew, he really the only dog I'm not allergic too lol .. it hurt the hound not here .. rip blackjack

#Blog What India’s #tech #entrepreneurs can learn from bootstrapped #startups| Column by Nitin Bhatia, _SignalHill …

Mid/Yale. A few serrated key pins, assorted drivers, and (as always) a spring smorgasbord. 

Hotel Review Mandarin Oriental Bangkok Thailand … :  ,, 

Eben and Stephen both Indirecting me fucking trannys I'd have em both

Soil moisture supplies are favorable in most areas, though short-term dryness lingers in the upper Midwest - USDA

Nevertheless, Sheba was later killed by one of the Magi, Arba, and had her Divine Staff stolen. #MagiBot

 Hall 2017: Watch Pearl Jam, Rush, Journey Perform Neil Young’s “Rockin’ in the Free World”… 

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

NEVER FORGET, these people will calmly strap a Bomb on and walk into a CROWD! 72 Virgins is their inspiration. DANGER… 

I'm not making the gc I Cba and it won't let me verify my fucking number 

What do you want? — Some chicken strips, fries and pancakes 

Please RT #thermomix #recipes Mince Pies with Thermomix Puff Pastry and Homemade Mincemeat  

Taking the love of my life to #eddievsprimeseafood for the first time! Give your children the… 

Can someone please tell me that I am not the only one who thinks that Dylan Minnette and Logan Lerman are alike? #13ReasonsWhy

Statement of the week: What are we not: Everything for everybody What are we: One bad ass place for those of you... 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

okay but seriously though if you can't donate try talking to some of your relatives because normally someone always wants to help

High school kid shows up to auburn tour wearing an old row t-shirt wow dude how frat r u!! So college!!

Retail socks March job gains, jobless rate drops to 2007 low - US job growth slowed in March… 

'We ll have two diff ways after about 2 yrs'-she whispered. Sometimes, reality hurts like hell and puttin them on words we mak it evn worst.

8 | f(x)! I kept fucking up when I tweet this is it a sign that SM needs to give them a comeback already jfc I love… 

Eagerly awaiting the "Yes the Freedom Caucus Is Standing Up To Trump, But They Are Still Very Problematic" takes.

don't hit me up asking for drugs or asking if i want to do drugs with you...i fucking don't.

u ugly ass bighead hoe — U know me so well 

Payback's a bitch. #pillowfight #pillowfightto #pillowfightday #pillowfight2017… 

#ass finger fucking sex position guide videos 

I find myself in shitty position of dragging my sick self out to a show because I have 4 people's tickets and no one seems to have a printer

Idk who this fucking dog think he is talking to my gf like that

Completely unrelated to our pal Sark there... The problem with Tron is that they never play around enough and try to get funny with it.

***Easter Competition Time*** I'm delighted to announce that we have teamed up with Molly's Cotton Tails in... 

I cant call myself an otaku or a weeb because the definition doesnt suit me, so i'm just a casual anime viewer

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

4X Blue Luminous Glowing Joystick Thumbstick Caps Cover For PS4 PS3 XBOX ONE  

Why the fuck is Blach not given a chance to throw against a righty if he was gonna be the 5th starter? Strickland with a guy on third is bad

Creative possibilities are blossoming all around you today. Bu... More for Virgo 

Take me deeper than my feet could ever wonder and my faith would keep being stronger, in the presence of my Saviour.

Fuck sake don't let this slip!!!!   

one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I pray for 4nem on that appeal man!   Fuck da feds and The fed ass niggas !!! #SNITCHK

im really crying rn im rl hungry i hate carrying with all my heart but im hungry i tried calling these bitches they didn't even answer!

EPIDEMIC WARNING: Killer disease could erupt into global outbreak threatening MILLIONS  

#NowPlaying #onair Actuellement sur  : Santana - Smooth (feat Rob Thomas) pop - soft rock - classic rock

#Toys #Games Buy Now: $54.99 Revell 1/4 Visible V-8 Engine Plastic Model Kit 85...  

The first April fools we ever spent together... Tamara broke up with me too.   

March Madness and Opening Day this weekend! That is the subject of our latest blog: 

Saw String Train for 10 weeks....BEAST, Best Kept Secret in The Draft!!! #sahqfootball #OleMiss #SECForum17… 

It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success. - David Feherty #quote 

Yes, ME:A shipped before it was done baking, but it happens with EVERY GAME. For some it's worse, but every game is some kind of broken.

HUGE: Fox News Reports Intelligence Community 'Stonewalling' Investigation Into Obama Administration Leaks Abo.. 

You think that´s a question? - Mourinho´s spiky response after Manchester United draw with West Brom 

Good morning, y'all! We're open for business on this bright day and we're cashing in with Genesis - Selling England by the Pound! #NowPlaying

A'ja Wilson wrapping up the MOP honours. SC is very close to winning their first ever #nationalchampionship title.

I FUCKING HATE ratchet ass memphis hoessss

"I you're gonna blame people for all the sh*t, you better blame them for all the good too." -… 

Stupid idiots a me knocking on my door and make harassment out of nothing that involves me.

i hate when ppl in tv shows put their shoes on the couch get ur fuckin dirt steppers off the sitting place

You got me FUCKED up if you don't think I will watch Selena at any given time, any given day. #AnythingForSelenasssss

Happy 17th to the love of my life   hope your day is as special and as incredible as you are to me     

CNNPolitics Wondering if FAKE NEWS is just about making Enquirer-style gossip, or is it more like conspiracy, Racketeering and RICO.

It's cold asf n my dumbass didn't bring a sweater   

Love in the African bush. Esther’s Well.... a safe and sweet BWWM Romance to warm your heart.… 

Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places-  #makingmoney #Success #Free

Alec Baldwin, Tina Fey and More Take Aim at Trump and Pence for ACLU Live Benefit  

Only 3 Months Of Training These Exercises And You Will Have The Sexiest Butt 

Makeup artist Diane Kendal created big lashes for the #MJFW17 runway look using #MarcJacobsBeauty. #entry -… 

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

To vaguely summarise, if you find it hard to trust, can't maintain relationships for too long, fear being abandoned etc., it usually has

And for her class we have to research professional writing so im gonna look in to grant writing for Our Center or somthing which is   

When you see this one player at the clinic that got injured because of the football system/culture in the country. #itsnotbadluck

Aircraft spotted: Flight IBK5894 is 104.3 miles away and travelling 377 kts at 35000 feet | 

7 billion dollars spent should have shown some signifigant advances in education,unless the money was used to pay s… 

Just because of Yu.....Yuri on Ice!!   Magazine in Japanese....even I don't understand it  

Trust me, they won't accept you calling them black. Even Sudanese ppl from the north don't wanna be called black. 

*Tanner lying sick in bed* me: you're super warm babe I think you have a fever him: no no baby I just have the hots for you  love this guy

22' Malone with a lethal cross into the box. The Rotherham defenders somehow scramble it clear before a #FFC player can get on the end of it

i asked makenzie what drugs shes on after spamming me with random pictures and this is her response    

Just made a playlist of songs from 2007-2010 that i used to jam...and i still sing em all at the top of my lungs 

#cybersecurity Social Media Passwords Provide Easy Route into Corporate Networks  #infosec

"Farhad’s and Mike’s Week in Tech: When Twitter Confuses and Facebook Copies" by FARHAD MANJOO and MIKE ISAAC via … 

India's telecom giants clash over false advertising war - Daily Mail   #Advertising #India

got told i dress like a 'stereotypical lesbian' today - perhaps this is why i don't have a boyfriend atm?? idc still lmao

Cuntry wth Muslim majority made islamic cuntries.Cuntry wth Christan made Christan cuntry.Hindu majority cuntry hs… 

Wind 2.5 mph NNW. 1027.50 mb, Rising slowly. Temp 13.6°C Rain 0.0 mm. Humid 66%. UV 1.8. Solar 461. #CM2Weather

Looks like he is kidnapped by some cousin fucking Pakistani Punjabi like you.

Fucking your freako again and again and again and again, again

It's disturbing just how much Democrats seem to love bombing MENA countries. It's, like, their favorite thing.

During the Ghost in the Hall minigame in Mario Party 7, Mario’s irises are larger than usual, taking up almost the entire visible part of h

WATCH  see your PM .. #scumbag Trudeau the useless idiot PM has to go !! #Trudeaumustgo #cdnpoli #Just3xit7rudeau… 

fucking videos of kerry marie 

A lack of secondhand #sailing #yachts on the market has initiated more business for MalcolmMcKeon  via SUPERYACHTS.…

I just got in to brownsville and im resisting the urge to go get tacos since i gotta wake up early tomorrow

#AI to help speaker presentations - Gallus Events  #eventprofs #eventtech #preso

21+ REC Open 9:30-10:00 PM Come see us at 1234 NE 102nd Ave, Portland, OR #PortlandDispensary #dispensaries #weed… 

Sometimes I look at Saber and think about how awful my penis is

I hate the bitch with a passion 

HOMERUN TWINS Sano hits one deep for a one run homer in the bottom of the fourth. 1-1 #OpeningDay #COMM314

Enter to win a trip to San Diego to explore the world’s biggest celebration of comics and pop culture. 

Well, I can't speak to any other entry method, but walking from Contemp to MK is about eleventy billion times nicer with new security setup.

Vince Camuto NEW Blue Women's Size 6 Embellished Cutout Sheath Dress $168 #025  

MONEY BACK SPECIAL GBP20 Horse Racing Money Back Special. Place a be more info.. -  

Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner rent their D.C. home for $15G a month (  

I wanna wake up ,go to work, come home help my son w. His homework, make dinner, and get fucked by my nigga #WishfulThinking  

if u liked my free foIIows tweet but i didn't give them to you im so sorry hshs i genuinely forgot i'll do them when i can get to a computer

A sense of panic hangs right at the edge of your awareness. Yo... More for Aries 

If there's one thing I love about cold weathers is that there is never traffic when it's cold. Dikorokoro di gana go start-a akere      

Disney just launched the new mobile-only version of Club Penguin  

i woke up bc period cramps, holy shit what terrible pain

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

things I need: a facial, a pedicure, an eyebrow grooming, a new wardrobe what I can afford: a new chapstick and a hostess cupcake

The UK, EU, Spain especially, and world need sound new political theory to fix the economic frustrations that led t… 

Emo slut moans to not stop fucking her !!! 

I swear when I first start getting gigs in politics.. I thoughg it was my daddy way of blessing me.     

Real shit though most people mess up something good by looking for something better just to end up with something worse

The Phillies fell to 1-2 on the season with their second loss to the Reds, and here are four things worth... 

Be   off jump that's all I ever ask for. Y'all niggas don't wanna b out here lookin stupid neither do us females so let us know. PLEASE

There are "ask for permission" people. There are "beg for forgiveness" people. Then there's this fucking "administration."

Halftime at Mt Smart Stadium: Gold Coast 22 Warriors 12 #NRLwargld #rugbyleague #NRL 

An ounce of action can crush a ton of fear. - Tim Fargo #quote #homebusiness  

I can't be in pure they like to take your drank   ‍  ‍.. like mavericks security wasn't even doing all that .

Footjob in stockings before fucking 

Trump Issues Rallying Cry Against Conservative House Freedom Caucus: U.S. President Donald… 

All Business? Bitcoin is Becoming a Hobby for Exchange Employees   

DailyCaller Ex-Chief Scientist: Our Advice To Government On Preventing Global Warming Was Wrong  …

I messed up the last pic but look how cute we are in all the other ones !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    ‍  … 

Detroit Pistons vs Cleveland Cavaliers – Game 2 – Full Highlights – April 20, 2016 NBA Playoffs  #Detroit Pistons

I used to be able to make ends meet. But now they just stare at each other awkwardly from across the room. #Tantrainspiration

Twitter is wild lmaoooo these businesses stay on the grind replying to tweets   

Sensual babe gets licked, fingered and fucked 

Stourbridge murders: Homeless man held over stabbing of mother and son  

Why was phantom blood so badly animated, like two of my fav characters were 80% of time low quality :(((

54CT NATURAL COLOUS FOSSIL TURTELLA OVAL CABOCHON PENDANT SIZE GEMSTONE G2307  

A fucking grown man at work is dipping his banana in yogurt. Fucking cuck.

Sun midnight: Mostly Cloudy; Temp 0.9 C; Wind SSE 17 km/h; Humidity 72%; Press 100.9 kPa / rising; Health Idx 2.3.

They say good things have to come to an end but we didn't really use our final meeting for a good spent

girls getting fucked at partys 

Holy shit I'm finally back home. Gonna take my whole fucking mattress and burrito myself lmfao peaceee

We'll call this the "Weekend Golf" operation, very expensive, with no bang for the buck 

It's time to pack and fly to #Singapore to explore the Jungle parks and tour Islands!    

Learning and Development Manager - Orpington (City/Town), London (Greater) - London South East Colleges 

Research Analyst with Hedge Fund/Asset Man. experience needed for brand new division! Get in touch today. 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

We're getting ready for a nice balmy evening of night racing at Pakenham where we have two runners engaged.... 

ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME WITH THIS SHOT #Australia 

Qs: what happens to spaces over time? When new natural histories inserted- change experience? Holmes notes continued tension #bsls2017

Haiti: USG Humanitarian Assistance for Hurricane Matthew (Last Updated 04/04/17) #humanitarian #newzealand #auckland 

That's me sitting lol. I was sitting right across from him #junos #shawnmendes 

I fucked up finishing Nier this morning because now I have nothing to do tonight

Which actually makes a pretty solid case in favour of women empowerment. Irony. 

Shoutout     to my squad  ‍ ‍ ‍    AXID    doesn't just play   ‍ flag    football  <EMOJI>️we dominate     Jeremih 4:20    

I can wait to get it I'm counting the hours the minutes II it's 9 a.m. one more hour 

Millie Edwards 1st in 200 m medley at PSSA State Swimming Carnival. Fabulous result. 

04-04 The Weeknd, Alessia Cara big winners at hometown #JunoAwards #JunoAwards 

His opinion. Hoes just hate themselves and get mad about anything 

Star Trek DS9 episode Past Tense pt1: The year is 2024 and the US is a fascist state... This is a liiittle to close for comfort right now...

A game of frames. Can you count the number of windows in this frame?  

Sr Principal Project Controls Manager - South San Francisco, CA, , USA #jobs #South San Francisco pls RT: Purpose… 

'Copyright Cortex' - looks like lots of my favourite things in 1 place, copyright, open content, non-traditional publishing... #CopyrightEB

In case you missed it - Parents catch unbelievable sight in home security footage - AOL 

April is #CaesareanAwarenessMonth! And to honour the special moms and bubs, we'll be bringing you insightful, C-sec… 

[Ad]I made LINE Themer! See the link below for further details. 〈Multiplex Contractor〉  #LINETheme #creator #line

I just don't understand the wig. Why she took it off. Bitch would have gotten dragged treating any other black woma… 

She takes a deep breath and shallows her pride. Ichigo Kurosaki, I would like to apologise for my behaviour earlier, it was wrong of me to

If you haven't read The Wide Sargasso Sea you should. It's like the Caribbean Jane Eyre. Jean Rhys, you have my heart. #booksuggestions

Where to brunch in Chicago this weekend, whether you're looking for a mega-meal or a mimosa spot… 

Jesus Christ, they have fucking Humpty Dumpty in this

 … cyrus, babylon has no water source shes branded strike there she forbids to marry 1tim 4:3

5 Fatal Mistakes That Entrepreneurs Make When Forming a Corporate Board  

"We need our Tax Bill, HealthCare, Gorsuch!" "They won't back it" "What do they want?" "WAR" "What if it just looks like war?" "Okay"

Obviously not ideal result but a point in the end is better than no points. Beat West Ham on Wed night and be back to winning ways. #Arsenal

Went to get a sandwich for a guy and he wandered off. Testament to how I feel. Having nothing is not a crime. We cannot forget the homeless!

My chest fucking hurts and I can't stop coughing I'm gonna scream

Houndour ~ 51.1% ~ 6/6/11 Feint Attack | Flamethrower tot 20:43:43 (27m 59s) 

when you secretly hate the bitch 

LeBron Passes Shaq for 7th on All-Time Scoring List | March 30, 2017  #mymusicgrind 

happy birthday kim mingyu, i love you and your smile. thank you for being you.  #Happy_MINGYU_Day #HappyMingyuDay 

There, how could Candy possibly resist me now? (looks at his comb) What's this? Hair? My hair?? AAH! My hair's falling out!!

Tonight All Roads Lead To The #1 Party On Friday Nights Amsterdam Lounge Located At 1208 U… 

AP Style: Mostly just for journalists, but increasingly relevant to anyone who produces content online.  #APStyle

"Cyber Crime Will Be Worse in 2017 Than Ever Before, Says One Survey"  #startup #beyourownboss

Y'all are fucking savage with this      

The Nazi death gas so horrific even Hitler feared using it 

can someone do something about junmyeon being yelled at and that person making him cry, we can't just let this go

Times sure have changed. I went to my doctor the other day and he said to me "I have good news and I have fake news!".

Top 10 Best Commercial Aircrafts in the World, Largest Passenger  #moviemovie #news #story

Entrepreneur: RT EntVideo: How One CEO Turned His Passion for Cars into a Paycheck (with jessicaabo) 

So proud of Dawn. God has truly blessed you with a special gift. Congratulations to you and the ladies of South Car… 

As thousands march against Zuma, 100,000 are calling on ANC MPs to vote with the people -- sign now! #ZumaMustFall 

unfollow me now because this is all im tweeting about for the rest of my fucking life 

"Babies and toddlers are likely to put anything and everything in their mouths. They’re learning about the world... 

Sometimes I like to stare at pics of Baekhyun and cry over how pretty and cute he is. 

10 people followed me and 10 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Only my mom can break a toe on one foot then break another one on her other foot 

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

2017-04-01 11:00:12 CPU = 45.1 C Load = 0.01, 0.02, 0.0 Uptime = 48 days, 13:57:05 

A Chuck Norris sneeze packs enough power and steam to launch a fully loaded F/A-18 of the deck of an aircraft carrier. #jokeBotTweets

Somebody, Push me on a #dick, please ! Let's have a chat -  

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Don't be that bitch that's mad FOREVER cause the nigga has a place for me in his heart!

You should check out the Ultimate Healthy Dog Giveaway (over $640 in prizes!) #ultimatehealthydoggiveaway 

#LessValuesMoreDegrees - Mp: RT BilalRafiq07: #LessValuesMoreDegrees “A man’s mind, stretched by new ideas, may never return to its origina…

Fuck alchemist. Well done IG!!  

We will be live TONIGHT at 9:20 (12 minutes) trying to beat Atlantica! Yay! (Sarcasm, this level is tedious) come find out why!

Sometimes your greatest pain is the springboard to your greatest work.  #artisareflectionoflife, #whiteswanfilms

NY Collection Women Plus Size 2X Blouse 3/4 sleeve Striped Handkerchief Hem NWT  

Chris Stapleton Brings Wife Morgane to ACM Awards 2017  

My deepest condolences for you and ur family l. Stay strong Iman. Al-fatihah. 

BBCWorld: RT BBCNewshour: The conflicting narratives over this week's suspected chemical attack in Syria: How cred… 

In Review: Big Finish: The First Men In The Moon Synopsis: Mr Bedford has an extraordinary tale to tell. A tale of 

Just dropped my phone in mayonnaise fucking Hellman

How many followers do you get everyday? I got 2 in the last day. Growing daily with 

Pacific moment: PNG's founding PM Grand Chief Sir Michael Somare leaving parliament today, 49 years after entering 

Creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p... More for Pisces 

These dudes look fucking stupid making millions of dollars off dumb ass music 

Your life is a study of extremes today. On one hand, you're in... More for Virgo 

#NBA Wire: Seth Curry aggravates left shoulder injury - Seth Curry | DAL  

POTUSA ISLAM SHARIA LAW VIOLATES SEPARATION OF CandS SIGN EXECUTIVE ODER Banning Political Endorsements by MOSQUES 

TIX  2 Chicago Cubs vs. Pittsburgh #Pirates #Tickets 4/14 114  #MLB… 

Uh huh I'm still fucking     

Y'all don't understand that water hot and sweaty as hell after two heats and cold pure water actually helps     

EFCC VS Patience Jonathan: Why Court unblocked her $5.8m account  

  YASSS It's time for a great show  StayTrippy :Dancing comment lit  

THEYRE FUCKING COMING GUYS 

Fucked a nigga bitch now I can't leave the crib without it

and when i complain she just yells at me that i should buy it myself HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO DO SO WHEN IM IN FUCKING SCHOOL ??

"Schools need to ACTUALLY TEACH civic literacy. Our educational institutions are not putting enough emphasis on civic literacy"-Ahmad Ward

Thing is I be minding my business. I'm not much of a talker here for multiple reasons. Yet she still tries to find little shit to bug me abt

this clo---this wonderful friend of mine is coming over for dinner at our place later tn and I'm about to get so much shit     

Phil Mickelson, dressed all in black, quietly putting all the valuables out of my home and into his golf bag as I sleep #themasters

Reminder: Susan Rice Isn’t Under Investigation. Trump And His Team Are. | The Huffington Post 

Sarcasm: the ability to insult idiots without them knowing.

Absolutely the best analogy. Defining win that started great climb to national relevance. That team also benefited… 

I see he done fucked up    

At the bank "Hi I'd like to take out a loan." "Okay great and this is for a car I'm assuming?" "Uh....... yeahhh… 

There are people who love you because they want something from you. But the best people are the ones who love you for who you are insideandout

£25 - £100 Challenge: Tip 1 Wydad Casablanca v FAR Rabat Tip: Over 1.5 Match Goals £25 pays £32.14 #INPLAY

Children React To Strange Animals - Real Happiness Project - Earth Unplugged 

Your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push... More for Leo 

Bitch you ugly then — I bet I'll beat your mom granny sister and auntie up ... 

Julia Fischer's amazing line at Kansas City Fashion Week. I am such a proud Momma! kc_fashionweek's photo 

Praying for the safe return of my former colleague and keeping his personal and work families in my thoughts.… 

Tillerson, Russia's foreign minister discuss Syria strike  

Wind 2.5 km/h W. Barometer 1011.8 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 18.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 76%

GOP will one day regret their choice today, as there will come a time when they are in the minority.

#squirt #totalporn shemale #istanbulturbanliescort #sexyblonde privatepictures fucksnow =>  

If he didn't wanna get hit. He knew his wrist was injured. Dray didn't hit him cuz his wrist was hurt he hit cuz he… 

My SHIP is the only one that'll have a full blown covo with me this time of the morning   #LoveHerForever

Jesus turned and said to Peter, 'Get behind me, Satan! You are a stumbling block to me; you do not have . . . 

Security Car Wheel Tire Claw Lock Automotive Anti Theft Clamp Boot Parking Ve... :  

How Winnipeg focused on local strengths to create a tech hub in central Canada 

This has got to be some sort of fucking joke Spurs

You covet quality time spent with your circle of friends today... More for Cancer 

i fucking hateeeee when i leave my lighter at home.  

Awful yet again. Too early to judge the manager but it's clear that without serious investment in the summer this team is going nowhere

St Petersburg metro bombing suspect 'from Kyrgyzstan' - BBC News  

Niggas don't lie, our ugly friend put up a pic we just gon write "nigga u ugly" under it

I love when people compliment my hair because 1) my hair is me and 2) I always do it myself and it means a lot to know it's not shit

Mormon Leader Tells followers 2 always Pay Their tithes, #even If It means Their Family Starves -  #CedarCity #Lehi

Gradation treat from Auntie fjcyanz_7   Thank you so much   4/4 #lateupload   

so... we didn't even let innocent people escape but wanna go ahead and... nvm.   

Countryfile viewers grieve for stillborn goat -  #news #tech #football 

THIS SCENE FUCKING RIPPED MY HEART OUT OF MY CHEST       

You know what’s better than a hot bath after a twelve hour day? A hot bath after a twelve hour day while drinking a cold beer.

trump syria I CAN JUST HEAR THE CHILDREN LAUGHING WITH DELIGHT NOW ALL IS WELL.. GOD BLESS AMERICA AND ME. 

to hell with your stupid coaching, rotation of players, and lack of motivation

For the love of Kagura, please make this into an actual spinoff Takaki. Menran Kagura has some serious potential. 

#pics of women getting fucked with skirts on girl fucks her pitbull 

Are there other parts of the region you feel could become destinations with the "High Line" treatment? 

Found a Transponder Snail! Oars comes back as a henchman of Moria?!  #TreCru 

The one thing I can take away from 2 years at lincoln college is that I can now parallel park on any kind of hill x

Shocked to find out crony capitalism and bullying companies doesn't make for red-tape slaying business efficiency 

Click here to watch it:  College girl fucking two and taking faci...  Add me on snapchat: it… 

"Truck Drives Into Crowd and Department Store in Stockholm" by CHRISTINA ANDERSON via NYT The New York Times 

TODAY IS THE DAY #DineOutSomalia!! Have breakfast, coffee, lunch, snacks, dinner at one or more of the participat… 

Let's just say we had a good weekend and have lots of Lil Titan pics to post over the next few days   Kyle and... 

These 8 Illustrations Channel The Struggles And Successes Of Freelancing For A Living 

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at a shadowy criminal empire!  #TreCru 

Followers -3, Unfollowers - 0. I didn't know I was this awesome. Get your daily stats via 

when i’m in a bad mood and people piss me off by #litlooks 

 RT candriopoulos: Out with MBAs, in with entrepreneurship? | The Memo cassbusiness 

I can't even describe how fucking terrified I am rn. I was pretty terrified the other day but after tonight it's on a whole new level.

The SOBs didn't even invite me to one party....she broke my heart I sat here for 4 yrs listening to her screw...wtf? That's fucked up

Mini Waterproof Ultra Bright Flashlight Torch Camping Hiking Yellow  

Its 2017 and Matt Leblanc still hasn't opened up a coffee shop called How YOU Brewin'. This world is a fucking joke

Syria attack puts Trump-Putin relationship under 'serious strain'  #best #news #viral

US military has launched more 50 than missiles aimed at Syria  

Man I'm so fucked up this bouta be like my 6 or 7 time throwing up

Watch Riding her boyfriends hard cock until he cums  #hd #PicaTube 

Gorgeous weather for #Nats opening day. Too bad I'm tied up holding my breath for the #Caps playoff run.

bitch i had this ugly ass girl from debate come over to my house to do the project and my mom asked if she was with trump and she said yes

The airport experience is so bad that you could take it as a genius plan to decongest the damn thing. #NAIA

SK have gotten completely screwed in this tourney. They have faced VP, Astralis, G2, and now Faze. This is rigged

I hate rod runs now because all the redneck idiotic assholes.

USAJobs announced that they've re-designed their site to make it easier for you to not get a job with the Federal government.

I've just watched episode S13E18 of Grey's Anatomy! #GreysAnatomy  

New on Ebay!Star Wars in the USA Vintage Star Wars Lot of 4 Droid Action Figures  

Zoete Cutie Fucked Op Bed In Missionary Style 

The down side of 2 supports, main band will start late. Looking forward to see Thunderstone live though! #onemoreday #putonsomemoremusic

I want you to know what fucking a tranny like 

The daily rumble between "Dara," 10 weeks old, weighing 1 lb. 14 oz. and "Nisay", age two years,… 

hearing that made me realize i never want to go back to oregon, someone kidnap me and keep me outta there

If you love Eldritch-esque horror make Sure you check out The Void. holy fuck the creature design is some early John Carpenter shit.

Cust: Do youll have this cable Me: No sir sorry Cust: Radioshack had it Me: oh well you can get it over there... (Turn around and walk away)

Stressing about shit you can't change is the worst

Bohemia Rectangle Printing Pillow Case Sofa Bed Throw Home Decor Cushion Covers  

I'll ask every question about your life and try to pick up every single detail about you while people don't care to say my name right.   ‍

I am relentless in my commitment to genuinely understand each client’s unique needs and help them pursue their dreams. 

No, because contrary to the memes, all the NFL teams essentially share the same moral compass. 

So this girl scores two GOALS today after last nights sleepover! #AWUnited <EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️ 

Sprint Retail is Hiring in Maple Grove, MN! Dont miss out on your change to join a winning team! 

Were close to seeing retail bankruptcies pile up like they did during the financial crisis 

everytime it rain niggas forget how to fucking drive 

  YASSS It's time for a great show TzDrew BoneTDB:#CoinDrop #AllDayy  

Amb. Haley lauds Holocaust film as “journey toward truth” — unlike BDS  

Need to load up before a sporting event? Prepare for the Passover fast? Or just hungry? Stop by Hillel this Sunday… 

World of Nintendo Complete 2-5 Series All 8 Collectibles Figures  

Home, Furniture and DIY/Home Decor/Candles and Tea Lights Solar Lights Garden Solar :  

This boy is an idiot followed by a bunch of idiots, this is a lack of leadership and direction. 

#ITakeControlBy grabbing you by the face and saying " I'm the fucking line leader!"

Men's Warehouse​ ad just showed a dude in a sport jacket over a hoodie. A sport jacket. Over a hoodie. No words...

Check out #Medium/Small Black and Yellow San Antonino Mini dress #Handmade #Tunic #Casual 

Also, to the students who kiss eachothers asses to get them to come to gigs lmao I'm not going to ur gig if ur rude all the time

“ “ “ “ “ through it all April 03, 2017 at 11:07PM through it all  April 03, 2017 at 11:07PM NateHanson3 … Na…

my curious cat is dead, the magic 8 ball is dead, my notifs are dead, and i've got nothing else to say, lmao

I'm irritated that I can't go to opening day because of work. It's cool though because eventually I will always be on sidelines reporting   

There is a method to your madness as you attempt to keep every... More for Leo 

So yesterday I got locked in a toilet cubicle.... today I see the funny side   

Fucking My Wife And The Babysitter 

Arkansas Bans ‘Sex-Selection Abortion’ – The New York Times  #abortion #arkansas #selection

FAN TOOK A PHOTO OF Cameron Dallas for the new campaign #dolcegabbana in Palermo. 

Norway is building the world's first ship tunnel by smashing through a solid rock peninsula  

 ️ ️  ️  ️:20 #KaracabeyBirlik  - #Beylerbeyispor  (Gol:Ali Serin)  

I have effectively run more miles in the last 5 days than I did in the entire month of February. #imback #runmeganrun

Mane delete this stupid ass tweet 

While the wider global environment is worrying we are seeing some positive ... -  #hugot #hugots #quote #quotes

May your seas be calm and the wind at your back. See you on the other side. 

#hollywood US Launches Airstrikes Against Syria After Barbaric Gas Attacks and Stars Speak Out  

So, what kind of Bond Villain Lair will it be for Fatty? Is he the Goldfinger or Blofeld type? Underground, mountai… 

And his fat ass friends gonna record? Disgusting. 

#india Centre to identify, arrest and deport Rohingya Muslims  

A sense of panic hangs right at the edge of your awareness. Yo... More for Aries 

Anybody ever find the answer to do chicks feel bad about posting their kids after posting a pic with their ass out?

#echo valley fucking hentai teenager 

Little mix is probably really good and I just doubt them because their a group and I don't like groups

THIS. I hate complaining about money but I refuse to tour in a negative. Prebook me so I can visit! #touringescort 

Yes, but as far as I remember : there are more than 270 Americans on Earth. And I don't think that all voted for hi… 

2017 Hurricane Season Forecast to be Slightly Less Active - (TNS) — Here's some welcome news for most Floridian... 

Standard Of Review: FOX’s ‘Shots Fired’ Succeeds When It Doesn’t Focus On Characterization  - Above the Law

Beautiful day in #nola. Can't beat this view (or this book) on a mid morning break.… 

Gerald has been joined on the night shift by a new co-worker. He's trying his best to make a new friend, but he's a… 

You might be gleefully anticipating a day off, only to be conf... More for Aquarius 

This #job might be a great fit for you: Business Analyst - Cust Ops -  #BusinessMgmt #Stamford, CT #Hiring

Like if someone thinks they're not gonna get cheated on, when they were the ones that were used to cheat... you're delusional. lol

Tor in a safer language: Network team update fromAmsterdam  (

Watch it:  Busty MILF Rachel Starr gets fucked and ...  Add me on snapchat: adley36   

HOW GROSS! Investigators say a woman hoarded 100 pythons, only 2 were found alive. Dog poop and urine also covered… 

Can dancing help improve mobility and balance in older adults and individuals with #Parkinson's? #WorldHealthDay… 

Arlington Forretress available until 06:24:48pm (59m 32s). Bug Bite / Earthquake (66.7% - 11/4/15) 

Gud news,airlines can't loot aam aadmi anymore: one-hour flights capped at Rs 2,500 #TransformigIndia… 

8 Apr 2005 the Atlanta Olympic Park bomber Eric Rudolph agreed to plead guilty in order to avoid the death penalty 

#Autoparts #BMW Fit For Mercedes Benz Auto LED car Door Courtesy Ghost Shadow Logo Light Welcome… 

Sunkern available until 02:45:20am (6m 37s). Razor Leaf / Energy Ball (91.1% - 13/14/14) 

If you ask me if you don't see a problem with men well over 2/3 years older than young girls coercing them into sex/taking advantage them

Fuck this place, I lost the war. I hate you all, your mom's a whore.

“The LORD is near to all who call upon Him, To all who call upon Him in truth. He will fulfill the desire of those…” 

Castor stepped out, hanging onto the wall for support. "Lux, shut the fuck up and come to bed before you do something irreparably stupid."

DAVE DEVINE: I got punked on the weekend with a Facebook April fools...only for a few minutes until I realized... 

Two Democrats Have Now Pledged To Vote For Neil Gorsuch  

WHITE-THROATED BABBLER (Myanmar endemic) in the grounds of my hotel this morning. 

My recommendation to everyone is just have fun with your outfits and be creative. Anything and everything will work… 

If you think the new Arkansas laws will see guns at a hog game for the first time, then you must've missed the Mallett era. #summerofmallett

Biologists caught rare footage of the mysterious 'seven-armed' octopus clutching something exciting in its mouth  #…

— you (I miss you) How much more do I have to wait? How many more nights do I have to stay up? Until I can see you? (until I can see —

Hattie Mae's on #Yelp: This was a Tap House but they have rebranded and boy did they hit the nail on the head. Love… 

Antibiotics Market Is Anticipated To Grow Owing To Rising Prevalence Of Infectious Diseases Till 2024: Grand View… 

I've got several ideas flowing through my brain and I just love hearing your opinions. So I… 

Message from Spain’s foreign minister, Alfonso Dastis: "Keep Calm, Britain, it's only #Gibraltar". Seems legit… 

my boyfriends phone is glued to his face 24/7 .. so fucking annoying man

Tongue fucking Julia's belly button 

I actually I appreciate this. <EMOJI>️ “Trump donates his Q1 salary to the National Park Service” 

1854-59 8v History of Europe Napoleon Sir A Alison Edmonds and Remnants Binding  

I resisted! Take action with #WallOfUs: All-of-us must get into budgets to give Trump a wall-of-us. 

To all my running friends... join me next Saturday and run to support our brothers and sisters in the Middle East. 

That's fucking horrible Mike Epps needs to swallow a mike Vicks dick I don't give a fuck about pets but I wouldn't… 

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA BUT YET YOU DONT HAVE THE MONEY TO BUY HER DIAPERS OR CLOTHES OR MILK. YOURE A FUCKING JOKE 

Not talking to anyone at work anymore. So much fucking drama just from 2 people.

"An absolute gem of a Science Fiction and Fantasy novel" The Hidden City of Chelldrah-ham: Belas Rift… 

You: yahoos out here rumbling about civil rights Me: woke and extremely intelligent, knows we should be focused on the REAL danger: moon rocks

     Akademiks is fucking ugly lmfaooooo 

It's great when your mom accidentally takes your keys home with her so you don't have a place to sleep or a car to drive  

American owners expect chairman Huw Jenkins to have long-term future at Swansea City while -... 

Jo qaum pooray qudd per naheen khariii wo surr kaisey uthaayay gee #stunting affecting self respect self reliance and mental well being

Owner is Armed Warning 3"x6" 2nd Amendment Guns Firearm Window Sticker Decal #2Guys 

Yan una pa sabe el mujer kaysa kombo cuz some band of gay holes said it first than you. Hombres or marengs? Or better deads

Found a Transponder Snail! For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!  #TreCru 

#Cryptopocalypse : "FooCrypt, A Tale of Cynical Cyclical Encryption." is currently under export control 

[me as pundit on a sports show] anchor: so pundit casey whats wrong with the mariners? me: well anchor it appears to me that they are bad.

Sources: Trump, associates surveilled for up to year  I have not doubt our POTUS is correct.! I trust compl our POTUS

Fuck I hate drinking water I have the bladder of a baby

All of this is ugly as hell 

Ford hires 400 engineers, mostly in Canada, as cars go high tech  brandnaware 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

18K White Gold Emerald-Cut 3-Stone 7.66ct Diamond Engagement Ring Size 5.5 by TrueFacet 

Every day I try to believe the world isn't as fucked as I think it is, that people aren't as fucked as I think they are... as I see they are

no offense but harry is a fucking legend this is not a joke he is an icon

I've never had the chance to treat my man how I really want to bc none have been worth it so far. I will make a worthy man so happy 1 day.

D10866 ANTIQUE STYLE ! Fiery Labradorite and 925 Silver Overlay Necklace 18"  

#stencil nude star fucking 

This is with the el gato hd on the PS3 , if anyone knows how to help me get this to color and HD, please help 

Donald Trump's Instagram Following Is Full Of Bots And Russians  article from Nov. 2016, but still relevant.

If you want to mock by terrible prediction skills, you'll want to take a look at my terrible season predictions 

Your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you... More for Gemini 

Almost time to get in 'Laz' (motorhome) and head for Lincolnshire to bring you what ever I can on the big races the… 

Anna Sui will receive an honorary degree from The New School at the university’s 81st commencement exercises on May 19. Also receiving hono…

Damn shawty you bad .. can I get your number? 

Enter for your chance to go to Vail for the GoPro Mountain Games this summer. #gopromtngames #EverBank #Sweepstakes 

You have an outstanding group of students, Molly. Thanks for having me today. 

Stop by for Brunch TOMORROW and try out this featured item! Pulled Pork Breakfast Hash in a pancake bowl with... 

Played skittles for the first time in ages. My dad did better than me, but I pulled out our own raffle ticket for a free Sunday lunch  

21:14 #Donetsk #Vetka: That "quiet" has been finished, plangent strong single booms 

This girl at work like me, so as I'm clocking out she gone say "Come to the car and smoke this blunt w/ me." Tf bih no   

I think we really have a new pink monster   pink sweatshirt - pink cap. Tiffany's effect or she's the royal pink bl… 

Dingoes do not eat babies. They love babies. Some of thelfinest jaycare centers in Australia are run by dingoes.

Found a Transponder Snail! Davyback Fight!! Straw Hats vs. Foxy Pirates!  #TreCru 

I love blocking people who watch your page for months and then finally comment from the heart because they have never liked you. #Losers    

Dildo fucking doggy style 

Hey guys, I just built my #Android #iPhone #app LoveMoore Radio Mobile with #AppyPie for FREE. Check them out at 

I really think we need to reach out to our fellow brothers and sisters in the same struggle as you or me.

Felt like the #lufc of a few months ago when we felt unstoppable I hope it's back now team spirt and positivity! #lufc #MOT

And what? It's a contact sport you fucking girl get on with it 

Report: Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council  

IGN: Check out our review of the new DC animated movie Teen Titans: The #JudasContract  

I SOLOED A 4 KURO AND I ALREADY FUCKING HAVE 3 COPIES OF HIM 

Niggas like that make me sick to my stomach   

You're feeling a sense of professional pride today, stemming f... More for Scorpio 

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

Lost match, the fucking thought of you with somebody else I don't like that

Matchbox 2013 60th Anniversary #09 Austin Mini Cooper S MOC  

"Sexy Model Emily Ratajkowski Flaunts Her Boobs In A Small Crop Top And Her Booty Wearing Just A Black Bikini 

The monkees- gotta give it time is a fucking quality tune

Autocorrect is useless. It changes things when you don't want it to but doesn't change things when it should.

She like to be fisted and fucked 

We can’t wait to welcome Julianne and Derek Hough back to the Fox soon! #TBT to when they performed here in 2015 duri… 

Live as free men but do not use you freedom as a cover up for evil; live as servants of God. 1 Peter 2:16

Perhaps I ought to start tagging these 10-min speed minisaur sketches so they can be easily found together... :/ 

These dabs got me fucking floating rn nigga I was just knocked like 10 minutes ago wtf

She fucking that baby head up     

OH FUCK NOOOOOO ! i REFUSE TO GET A FUCKING SNAKE ! 

You'd expect Mayuyu to tell us to set aside that money for voting for her instead but nope, she only expressed her concern for her fans.  

Found a Transponder Snail! Killer rabbits?! Amazing fauna on one winter isle!  #TreCru 

 #NowPlaying on The  This Is Critical by Critical Bill   #NP   #PLAY <EMOJI>️ The  

1984... a crazy time. Why are her sleeves like that? Why doesnt the BK have a play area? Why does this man have his dog at work?

•♤ Luv Betsey by betsey Johnson Daisy XL Weekender Travel Bag Black White yellow  

15. i love horror, thriller, crime movies. my friend and i always watch horror together. if cinema released we'd go if our schedule match

This chick in front of me is rlly squeezing bbq sauce onto crisps. In the library. From a bottle.      

"13 REASONS WHY" IS MAKING ME WISH I WENT TO A REAL FUCKING HIGHSCHOOL :(

When your best players ACL has been done in but you would rather talk about Pogba 

#Review OontZ Curve Bluetooth #Speaker Portable Wireless Full 360 Degree #Sound. #BuyCheap  

Since I had let my boy Mastery go, today is a big day looking for a KY Derby winner. I think I could see one today.

Retro Babes With Juicy Juggs Getting Fucked By Horny Guys 

my ex stole my bucees boxers and wears them on stage someone come and fucking kill me

Completely unsexy. I think it is in this case so important though given the exhibition and the building's history. Idk lel a B+ is enough.

Some omf..these girls?.... ive already fucked you like 3 times each in my head

Nasty cuckold fetish babe fucks 

Gained 2 new followers in the past week. I’m growing my account the right way, are you? Do it with 

This is right on. (But it doesn't fully explain or at all justify the pay gap affecting women and people of color.) 

Paul Ryan says he's seen the documents that made Devin Nunes go wild—but he isn't sure Nunes has 

Street art in Bucharest 

ReadersGazette: Electric: The Beginning, Book 1 .carlycompass #Mystery #Womensfiction  Whe… 

I am hungry and I am dirty as hell bruh, need dat shower and dem calories  

Haven't watched 5SOS during their first concert here in PH but I will be able to watch them this year along with Two Door Cinema Club.

#RemoveUnfairPOCSOlaw as promised Government must pay heed to the fake cases being filed against innocents. Stop POCSO Misuse!

2 interviews and an exam in 2 days has me absolutely fucked    

“I will just play an hour or two of ME:A”… 4 hours later, at almost 5AM…. And that was after 5 hours of playing in the afternoon…

They lady under me and her daughter are going at it.   dawg she said to her daughter "You are the biggest fucking whore I ever seen"  

Here's your cup of fucking reality <EMOJI>️  

The 'Big Block' Bitcoin Movement is Embracing Bcoin  #Features #Interviews #bitcoin 

thoughtful procurement = $1m saved/yr + environmental benefits! lucky to have supported this awesome project team: 

YES! I'll be offering the purchase of 'Conduit', 2nd edition on its own very soon. Watch this space. 

New story on NPR: Judges Take Up Big Soda's Suit To Abolish Philadelphia's Sugar Tax 

Thinking of refusing to take solo meetings with my boss to protect my marriage, and also her marriage, and also so she can't criticize me.

We would love to hear from you!! Share with us your cherished moment at #PaliosPizza~ #ThrowbackThursday… 

Disney installs metal detectors, bag searches and pat downs at hotels and park entrances 

Audrey Hollander fucking twat with veges 

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

If anyone blames cooper for tonight's defeat is an idiot

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

me: jd? fuck that guy. disgusting. also me: I WASC MEANT TO YPURS WE EEWRE MEANT TO BE ONE

#AllPointTip - Always respond to a complaint. You can turn it into a positive for the customer AND your business. 

MY TESTIMONY: PUTIN...BECAUSE THE DEAD EVIL INSANE AMERICAN/BRITISH/FRANCE/GERMAN...ETC CHALDEANS HAD THIER OWN AGENDA GOING ON...

#NFL Wire: Rays DFA Nick Franklin despite hot spring, making 2014 David Price trade look…  

#TheZone Will Be CRAZY For #AggieFest2k17  RSVPs Going   Ladies 21+ Free All Night w/RSVP and Everybody Free B4 11… 

tantra nude massage #girl screaming while fucking 

Soccer Time: 5 Pertemuan Terakhir Chelsea vs Manchester City di Stamford Bridge 

Bit of an emosh post but needed. Potentially could have just had the worst week of my life, but… 

Pathetic weird sissy fucked with strapon 

WATCH: “High School Rapper” Reveals Final Winner And Performances With Special Guests  

Youth participation and steering has proven to be successful in #Jordon demonstrating that youth must be involved leadership in #SRHR #CPD50

Mens #Nike NFL ON FIELD CLEVELAND #Browns SIDELINE Parka WINTER JACKET 3XL NWT  #NFL… 

I'm not like,,, super into them but im good at track/basketball/softball/volleyball 

People like that deserve to die. Idc. That dog was a fucking puppy. 

Shots fired at the Capitol; Brits Send Divorce Papers to EU  

#Podcast: Why it’s Dangerous to Date Mr. “Good On Paper”  #DWD #DatingAdvice 

Everything Trump does Liberals hate. If he wouldn't have ordered that strike liberals would've bitched because he "doesn't care."

Watch Sampha’s New Film 'Process,' Dedicated to His Mother #digitalmarketing #news #today  v… 

In the "beginning" of us you fucked up. How I know you won't do it again ?

Listener Supported - Commercial Free Such Great Heights '2007' by The Postal Service 

Disgusted with the Republicans invoking the #NuclearOption. Just you wait. I can't wait to hear them bitch once Democrats are the majority.

These people are not fleeing out of choice, they are doing what any of us would do if we were living with in terror 

This is absolutely ridiculous. If ICW are getting the same treatment I might just cry. 10/10 WWE  

I got a bad ass habit of turning the car off without putting the gearshift in park    wtf

#sexe video xxx lap dance fucking 

What the US strike on Syria could mean for oil: Oil prices spiked after the United States… 

Biggest Hitz! now playing my favorite song > A GROOVY KIND OF LOVE by PHIL COLLINS #ianFavoritesPlaylist

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! meet me here  

Really amazed at how many stupid people there are in the world just blabbing BS. I am no genius but I know BS when… 

UPDATE 1-Israel Aerospace Industries signs near $2 billion missile deal with India  #business #bloomberg

When you're really not feeling well, but manage to entertain yourself anyway... I call that a… 

fuck me again with leg warmers and call me cummies!! uwu

you ever see a picture and can tell that a girl is sucking her stomach in     like girl you choking breathe

h town/d town hoes the worst on a promise 

I hate those girls who get annoүing as hell when theү're drunk.

Every car in my drive including mine paid off, ain't no selling a car to get a new one....it's on the waaaay 

Fucking puss    #TeamMakody 

What does most shampoo and peanut butter have in common? We just published an amazing report on the #TruePrice of pa…

Everytime I use the nasal spray. It fucking makes me sneeze like a bij.

Getting pulled over twice within a five minute span at 1am can really take 10 years off your life just sayin

2. Psychotherapy - also known as talking therapies, such as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). #Depression

Happy National Pet Day to my best buddy Blue!   Love you Bluester! thelifeofbluethepit… 

A new federal study says binge drinking among older women is increasing dramatically. 

A common man's view vs rich man's politics... Sadly we are too dumb to realize, and play pawns on their chessboard. 

LF: People who have no plans on Easter Sunday who wants to staff for our Easter Event here in Pasig and Pampanga. With food and fee.

clear sky -> scattered clouds temperature up 25°C -> 31°C humidity down 94% -> 66% wind 2kmh -> 5kmh

I've tweeted 2 politically related things today and could not regret it more if I tried. That's my quota for the year, back to wine and sporps

BarForage After Maize grass mixture looking very good this week in Shropshire. Drilled mid-November on heavy cold l… 

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

My mind twisted. I might be who ii am and that's fine. If we wasnt us what would you want. Kuhz ii want both. That's why I'm how ii am

Google chief thinks immortality will happen by 2029: (Natural News) Will humans one day be able to live forever?…… 

I've learned that I can't have a packed work schedule and a packed social schedule and a packed… 

There is a Russian oligarch or two that would be happy to launder money bailing out Jared from debt dilemma just li… 

Boulder Growth and Income Fund Announces Notification of Sources of Distribution 

Neither is the US meddling in other nations' elections. Just ask Netanyahu. All countries do this all the time. Sto… 

Sunset Families, (or others who like supporting your local PUBLIC school), the team working on Teacher... 

My feels hurt. I saw that scene and I almost lost it. I did let out one ugly cry seeing Kia's and Gabby's faces. 

I'd disappeared from this world once, I would again #pdf1 #Rockstar #kindle  

Chenani-Nashri, Asia's longest bi-directional road tunnel has smart features like Electronic Surveillance System #NewInfra4NewIndia

..1-hole was 8 points above average. So there has been an awareness of the value in having good hitters at 1-2, but no overall awareness...

"Ah, spring is truly beautiful~" Hums cheerfully as he passed under the blooming sakura. 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Spectacular Landing at Los Angeles International Airport LAX on a Beauti...  #LA #LosAngeles #ILoveLA #LAX

A few pictures from the HYP AGM last night. A massive congratulations to the new exec team and… 

It's a mess. You must feel horrible. You're lost everything:Your father, Your tribe, Your best friend.

Obviously not her personally, young working class kids. Who cares if they get killed for something meaningless? The… 

Labs at Light City Baltimore on Instagram via choisauceboss #LabsatLightCity #LightCity #LightCityBaltimore… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Why is everyone celebrating Spurs goals? We are fucked regardless....

The Sunken Place: Is Quincy Brown Kourtney Kardashian's New B...  #mixtape #hiphop #rapper 

Camgirl Sucer Et Fucked By A Dildo 

Gained 1 new follower in the past day. I’m growing my account the right way, are you? Do it with 

This indulgent recipe marries two delicious desserts: lemon bars and cheesecake. Using a dark spring 

Picking a Secretary of Education should be like choosing among Candycrush, Dots, or Tic-Tac-Toe on napkin. Oh, it was.

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at a shadowy criminal empire!  #TreCru 

<My Campus Sex Tales: A College Girl's Conversion Ch 6 - Kal's thick shaft penetrated sweet Eni's pussy 

You may wonder why the actions that once earned you recognitio... More for Leo 

: bounded, not ecstatica clemency is a computationa disclaimer is a notebook: imitable and psychedelic

Aircraft spotted: Flight DLH445 is 77.1 miles away and travelling 464 kts at 36950 feet | 

Shit nasty. It gave me the stomach virus 

SO FILL ME UP,MAKE IT DEEP SO DEEP I CAN'T EVEN BREATHE SO FILL ME UP,KEEP IT DEEP DON'T STOP NOW CAUSE YOU'RE MAKIN'Me' CUM!!!!!!!! 妄想GIRL

We're still kids, but we're so in love Fighting against all odds I know that we'll be alright this time

POI-Cong-I is only Single Party to make Delhi and maintain Delhi asHeart of India,All says Delhi hai Dil walon ke, Cong-I need live forDelhi

#NamiKim SaveKoreanDogs need your partnership to save the dogs in #SouthKorea #HelpNamiKim  

and it's crazy how a lot of females call they "boyfriend" they "daddy" when the nigga broke and jobless .. bitch that's deffffff yo son    ‍

My siste told me I used to try to reenact Usher's My Way video when I was 3 and even tho I don't remember, it sounds about right

Got an absence problem at work? We can help you resolve it quickly with minimum fuss. #HR #absence #eastmidlands… 

Raise your hand if you secretly love when the dye seeps through the shell and colors the egg <EMOJI>️#TheKitchen

 Adidas Tubular X PK S80128 black over-the-ankle 9.5,10.0,11.0,11.5 

Madison Bumgarner rules! While in SF last July, saw him hit a pinch hit double. I love the NL!!! #NL #SFGiants D-Backs win 6-5

Avocado and Chioggia Beets on toast with citrus whipped feta, radish and poached egg #food #breakfast… 

 #CheckOut #Underground #HipHop #Artist Lost Angel Of Havik 

Seeing both sides of an argument is not a new dilemma for most... More for Libra 

The 52nd ACM - Academy of Country Music Awards. The show airs live from Las Vegas Tomorrow, Sunday (April 2) on... 

The Truth of Fukushima by Show Udajima   The nuclear power plant accident at Fukushima is gr

"Success is not impossible, but changing such a mindset is like a battle."  

You're known for your resilience, and you're apt to put it to ... More for Capricorn 

Quick Hits: Anton Khudobin stellar afternoon leads Bruins over B... #ChicagoBlackhawks  

Thinking about joining us? Here's what you need to know before you visit us:  

A quick and easy way to stabilize your mood swings is to relen... More for Cancer 

my mom was already engaged to my dad at 21 and i'm just here tryna plan out how smashed i'm going to get

I fucking hope so (Walcott)   #Arsenal 

I really love when my clients IT guy fucks something up and then tries to blame me. That never works out well for them.

drawing for u GOD I AM SO BAD AT DRAWING ITS SO BORING (has pen) god drawing is so fun, omg i wanna drawww (doesnt know where that idiot is)

I just started today im episode 1 the episodes just long af damn near 50 mins 

Kingdom and Reign got locked up at Magic Mountain for felony excessive cuteness!! #twins  … 

I've just finished "Missing Puppies"! I'd love for you to come and get a gift from me!  #android #gameinsight

Mignon Petit Tit Blond Gets Fucked By Two Cocks 

NEW Women's Others Follow Tunic Top Sleeveless Dress Cami Blue Lace XS via eBay  

If you're facing barriers in your digital transformation journey - don't let legacy infrastructure hold you back 

Number crunching for the past day - 2 new followers and NO unfollowers. Stats via 

#america #film Watch Havenhurst (2017) full movie here:  

Prosecutor: No evidence that decomposing Ohio vet was killed  

I've always joked about Star Empire using a dart board to make decisions. Today I have proof! 

Nothing like being an hour and twenty minutes into a train journey and thinking "did I put the car park ticket CLEARLY on display?"

MiamiNewTimes: RT jerryiannelli: .CityNMB voted to move forward with a plan to privatize its water utility — despi… 

This idiot is arguing with no one from a golf course. 

EU Fighting-on #BREXIT Britain Counter Productive may Hasten 4 more to Jump Ship Sooner. 

If you want to keep your followers engaged and also save time throughout your day, RoundTeam is a great solution. 

Wishing everyone a great Saturday! :-) What have you got planned? #SatChatUK #SocialSaturday 

Can not wait for this week to be over. Tomorrow is not going to know what fucking hit them  

I thought those high pitch noises were made by the dog but after watching like 30 times I realised it's Henrik. 

Crush of Duty Call of Candy Candy Duty Saga So much to look forward to there. 

Your clear vision of success motivates you to reach higher to ... More for Capricorn 

#5YearswithEXO Anywhere you are I am near. Anywhere you go I am here. The argentite sea will forever light for you.9

update- he just got home... WITHOUT MY FUCKING PEARS 

30 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 40 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you 

Liv, reg and I have a Twitter group dm where we just send each other stupid shit and don't talk about anything else

MICKEY MANTLE NY Yankees Signed Autographed 12X18 Color Photo FRAMED - JSA LOA  

We run ahead of Him in a thousand and one activities, becoming so burdened with people and problems that we don’t worship God,....

Living in Portland is more expensive than Vancouver but postmates delivers in Portland so it is worth it.

 Threatening EU partner and NATO ally with war over dissatisfaction with #Brexit negotiations...British humour? 

Help to shut down the Canidrome, the world's deadliest greyhound racetrack!  

Stuntin like my daddy. Live through me my nigga<EMOJI>️I swear I got us down here <EMOJI>️   

And I'm pretty certain, albeit they know their internal issues, the magnitude and how everyone had jumped on it, at me, and their scene

If your candidate can't get one single vote from the other party, they don't deserve to represent the entire country

NRA employee accidentally shoots self during firearms training  

Tenet Healthcare Corp $THC Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest  #stocks

I will no longer try to fix my attitude this is the way it's gone fucking be

DANGERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALLS YOUS ARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SHIT MICROBES WORMS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!… 

Porcelain Medium Oval Turquoise Stone and Feathers - Costume Jewellery Brooch. S  

You are acutely aware of your commitments today, but you're no... More for Sagittarius 

WHAT ARE THE FUCKING CHANCES OF MEETING MY ESTRANGED FATHER OF 26YRS AT MY FUCKING JOB!?!

#cruel blowjobs muslims girls gets fucked 

Have a great idea for a project, but can't find the time to get it done? This technique will help: 

#scottish mini skirt fucking girl barcelone 

da fuck you wanna talk about bitch, the universe? Your horoscopes?? our feelings!?? bullshit gossip about your loser friends!??

At some point we all feel like Daniel. Don't be afraid of putting yourself entirely in the hands of Providence. 

Do you ever feel this way? Do you want to keep your energy going all day? Take the plexus 7 Day… 

#Mindful Minutes with the Merry Monk 7: Flee Negativity  #podcast #Meditation #personalgrowth

32 pages deep in my notes and i still have 6 more chapters to goooooo     why am i a bio major again??

Peep the bison sticker on the National Championship Snapchat, who is it guys lol 

I LOVE YOU, fuck the world, life's too short to be cowardice in the face of it all. Lock your gaze into mind and get lost within my universe

#GoodMorning #GoodAfternoon #GoodEvening  Ask yourself: "What makes me happy? What am I passionate about?" Then t…… 

u kno the original allura design was cute but DANG SHES SO MUCH CUTER NOW I LOVE     team voltron did a great job on her shes the cutest ;v;

Do the #Vault7 Leaks Confirm #IoT Conspiracy Theories?  

Just tried to use my Costa card in Starbucks and didn't notice til the cashier pointed it out I'm such an embarrassment to myself

In pictures: Universal Channel opens Molly's Bar  #experiential #eventprofs (Eventmagazine)

lots of money bc i dont want to have a great circle of friends zzZzz im contented na with having few but true onesss 

I hate The fucking police and I hate the attitude that they have a soon as they fucking speak to you

Using data in trauma performance improvement: 5 things most teams do wrong  

I'm the only one that don't like The Get Down. I just don't have the patience for the main character. Dude mad annoying

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

Nico Krijno states that South Africa brings a unique magic to the production of aesthetic images:… 

Virgin Atlantic #827 is expected to arrive at London Heathrow (EGLL/LHR) in 45 minutes at 12:23 BST  #flightaware

2 bed end of terrace house, Rightmove, Myreside Street, Glasgow, G32, £143,000 

Lenovo Y700 15.6 Inch Full HD Gaming Laptop Intel i7 -6700HQ/8GB/256GB Brand New  

I hate to have our weaknesses With a living, but the idiot world from itself.

cleanse myself from that filthy show by watching something wholesome and queer 

[Preview] 170402 Yuri and Sooyoung - Airport back to Korea from VietNam FLY 

Gonna go ahead and file that one under "Shit that in no way surprises me anymore". 

Indian Gardens - Temperature: 64.0 F Relative Humidity: 29.0%. Observation time at 04/02/17 23:01 MST Last Updated on 04/02/17 23:21 MST

Battery Charger for CANON ZR200 ZR950 PC1018 PowerShot S40 G7 S45 IXY DVM3  

Pokémon Shadowless Charizard GMA Graded 7 Great Looking Card!!! Psa, Beckett.  

These are some of the most resilient kids in earth. Our scholars always find reasons to smile!… 

CZ Thing about time travel is, I was on Twitter like an hour ago, but spent last 2 weeks in 1973. Just got back.

Security coming up to girls night to tell us to keep the noise down, all we were doing is gossiping about boys and giggling  

#Rock #Band #U2,Joshua Tree,Vinyl LP,1987,Early US pressing,Island,VG,missing insert  

Apple iPhone 5s - 16GB - Silver (Sprint) Smartphone  

come to kelly gym at 8pm tonight to come support your cheerleaders and hip hop team as we get ready to head down to d… 

There by the time I was around 106 pounds, since we had other interns then and by that point we even had a new (FINALLY!!) full-time staff

New Music: Wale – ‘Fish n Grits’ (Feat. Travis Scott) #Newmusic #newhiphop #Newartist  

"screw school", I say as I do all my homework and aim for A's "you know what I don't even care anymore", I say as I continue to work hard

Bitches get mad when you get the attention they want

I have to imagine that whoever came up with that Kendall Jenner Pepsi ad thought the end of Mad Men was really optimistic and inspiring

what happened in the dream? tell us more — I'm shy...I don't want to say..   

eu to muito shook harry styles is a fucking rockstar

the terrible feeling of doom is back lel fuck (: i hate me i'm gonna die aloen

#CilfynyddWeather is Temp: 14.6°C Wind:2.2mph Pressure: 1025.8hpa Falling slowly Rain Today Unavailable. Forecast: Showery, becoming less s

Pay Attention While Stuck in Traffic: The Town of Palm Beach provides many distractions to drivers while passing… 

Oh make no fucking mistake, the Bernietwats are going to make sure the GOP retains full control in 2018 and 2020. T… 

I smell like fresh cut grass at the moment on a fun note. Which means I should shower. Don't want to trigger anybody's allergies if I go out

- 10 I Wanna Be Down [The Human Rhythm Hip Hop Remix  #nowplaying #listenlive

93.3% Eevee! (15,15,12) Move1: Quick Attack Move2: Dig Available until 02:57:03pm (29m 22s). 

Top story: Trump Administration Considers Far-Reaching Steps for ‘Extreme Vetti…  see more 

Spotlight on green news and views: Heartland's BS school text on climate; trade's pollution impact 

Yo if this is Griffus that's fucked up 

why do random ass people on twitter always come at me for random ass things?????? 

Spring soccer is here and we have a sale for you! Come in today and buy a soccer ball, get 25% off shin guards.... 

America want to give up 02 by fugxhkbdhING up is very interesting Every Nation bear that ,unless she change a Nati… 

Steelers 2017 NFL Draft Reset: Depth the focus after striking out on Hightower #cbssports 

Fat BBW plumper fucking and face sitting outdoors 

"Keep your eyes open and your mouth shut" - another wonderful film by Duncan Cowles and our resident Charlie Dolan 

AND OF COURSE ME BEING ME I HAD TO PICK THE ONE WHERE HE'S /SOBBING/ AND NOT JUST LOWKEY TEARING UP AND LOOKING AWAY /BUT SOBBING/ WOW KMS

The battle for Gibraltar: Brexit has exacerbated the conflict between London and…  #freenews

Fleet models are seen on TV, Blockbuster movies,videos,print ads, stage plays and commercials because we work!! Not just eye candy, we work!

"Go the Extra Mile It is Never Crowded " #mavensofnyc #  womenentrepreneurs #success #startups

Despite the slips today Hoffman still looks confident and positive heading down the back 9... #themasters 

If you want to sell well – then you need to learn how to use those little spaces of time. 

Pick Your Team Bud Light 2016 #NFL Kickoff Beer Can Packers Bears Patriots Rams  #Football 

DO NOT TAKE THEIR BULLSHIT TO HEART. THERE WILL ALWAYS BE SOMEBODY OUT THERE REASY TO HATE ON YOU BUT THATS BECAUSE THEYRE JEALOUS OF HOW

Matt Drudge In Rare On Air Appearance Declares: 'Trump Saved the Media' | Zero Hedge 

It's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today... More for Aries 

if I don't see my boyfriend tonight I'm be one mad bitch 

Depressed LL Partner[f/23] AND HL me [m/23], DB complications via /r/DeadBedrooms 

Listen to All My Bitches Bad ~ JUNIII and ANT (Prod. Doofdum)Ad-lib Will by IANSEWELLFANCLUB #LTO #np on #SoundCloud 

Tuesday, 04042017 21:30CET #AtleticoMadrid 1-0 #RealSociedad #LaLigaSantander 

Accident cleared in #Downtown on I-45 NB before 69, stop and go traffic back to Telephone Rd., delay of 9 mins #traffic

Am late to game I don't often play, but Yuri on Ice is legit one of the most adorable things I've ever seen. Just finished and am #OBSESSED

Ditto. "Der Insel" only. Would be startling otherwise, as German for "treasure" also means "darling" 

gettin fucked bye a daddy 

Teacher Getting Her Pussy Fucked Hard By The Maintenance Facial Sucking Cock On 

Narcotics detectives in Bartholomew Co. have linked this 19 y/o to a rash of overdoses last fall: 

Trump is probably worried Twitter will kick him off and he won't have anything to do at 3am on a Saturday. 

Have you ever noticed how rare brown mandm's are. Is brown not the most saturated color of mandm's? They save money on dye!

Celtic FC Foundation's CashBack Gateway to Employment celebration event is about to get underway... 

People really expect me to do a million and one things like I ain't already busy with a million and one things lol

New #Paranormal book-When theDead Speak the Art and Science of Paranormal Investigating  

To one side, free speech is paramount. To the other, inclusivity is. To a professor caught in the middle, there’s... 

Week3Day3 C25K done! Honestly I would Not be doing this without #Thrive. I'd be thinking about… 

Kyle Mathis literally goes around town bragging how he has diabetes and can't get drafted into the war

#prnewswire Mommy Nearest And The March Of Dimes Announce 2017 National Awareness 

dhs_jules: RT AshevillePolice: APD/AFD Joint Honor Guard pays respects to Chaplain Wayne Roper at his memorial ser… 

Will ANY Democrat explain to me why you can't or won't differentiate between immigrants and illegals?

24" Vanity Sink Top Cabinet Wood Bowl Vessel Faucet Mirror Bath Accessory Set  

Encase in with hps high-speed lto-5 change collect area and confidently sweep yours treasure house instinct: wlQ

#Femail - Anne Geddes releases rare baby images for the first time, Dress a newborn up a...  

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

#PerkAlert: We have a credit incentive program that rewards you for sharing our #crowdfunding campaign!!… 

Not only is this terrible and all over the place...I hate his fucking makeup so much it's so ugly 

Sen. Rand Paul Opposes Trump Airstrikes in Syria: ‘The United States Was Not Attacked’ 

Rep. Karen Bass: Unlike Trump, Schwarzenegger was a celebrity who didn’t seem ‘unstable’  

yea its fukd up. . .bt dnt get it fukd up. .if we get serious about syria foos wouldnt put a war an barely even a... 

Wooster Scott- Framed-Signed ''Regatta on the Potomac'' Lot 2070504  

WATCH: Driver almost hits kangaroo in Australia but doesn’t expect it to react like THIS  

#freetraffic This Traffic “System” Gets You Massive Amounts of Traffic And Turns It Into Immediate and Recurring Cash 

wth so what happened to clay, tony and ect?? fucking cliffhanger k bye

#Low-income earners are left with fewer affordable #housing options  

Jared Kushner is in Iraq?? Remember the last organizational boy dandy the GOP sent to "fix" Iraq"? 

Hope Federer continues his blistering form of 2017 by winning the Miami Masters there. Go Federer!!!!

Marlins’ Don Mattingly says he talked to Derek Jeter about ownership: Miami Marlins manager Don Mattingly says… 

Clear air plans won't punish drivers of older diesel cars, PM promises #London #transport 

Pareto Principle: Only ten players in the NBA have recorded multiple triple-doubles this season and account for 89% of triple-doubles.

Uuuuuuuuuund da haben wirs - mexico will pay for the fucking wall 

She had her three with her and a tag along #comfy #notyourmum #Lambing2017 #sheep365 

929:648 And, for the morning now is something worn, Our purpos'd hunting shall be set aside.-- #AMNDBots

Last night, me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily, I was the one facing the telly - Tim Vine

Be in bed all day bed all day, fucking in fighthin on

Watch the UR Team as they hit some tight lines through the forest and nail some huge drops in their latest video. 

700+ Floating charms to chose from to make personalized gifts or collect them. All types!  … 

  yk them hoes ugly sis.   ‍ 

My favorite Juanita Bynum joint is "One Night With the King," which I just realized also sounds sanctified and hoey. That's her lane.

Financial limitations can drag their negative consequences int... More for Gemini 

Dear Past, thank you for your lessons. Dear Future, I'm ready. Dear God, thank you for another chance.

for a moment I felt bad and started tu regret but then me see the photo again... NAW bitch bye

You are the serial abuser mentally, so pot stop throwing stones because they get thrown back you know. 

STEALING A CASE OF SOUR SKITTLES FEELS "LEGAL" BUT THE LAW DIFFERS.  

So proud of you, i can't explain how happy i'm when i see you living ur dreams! Don't forget that you're amazing bo… 

#homemade sex websites kenyan school girs fucked 

Intense preoccupation with a narrow subject, one-sided verbosity, restricted prosody, and physical clumsiness are typical for #Aspergers

oh my gooooood esta dejando a alyson fucking K.O oh my goooddd #Gala14GHVIP5

The worst thing a nigga can do is make his bitch look stupid

Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers wants to win title at Hearts #RFC #Rangers #WATP #FNH 

MY QUEEN HAS RETURNED!!!!   ... but I'm kinda underwhelmed by this track.   #NowOrNever. 

he wanna be me, he bitin my swag stop tryin to be me. I fuck her for free, you fuckin her too but you payin a fee

Tonight's episode (out tomorrow) is the kind of episode you'll wanna have a beer with. #BeerSummitWithBuckloe

Was a fucking beaut of a tackle! 

Vote not based on tribe or colour. Vote not based on beauty, vote cos u know d person has d drive 2 win and deserves it. Vote Efe #BBNaija

Managed forestry can help landowners prosper in retirement and through multiple generations. A partnership... 

What can we learn from the controversial #cybersecurity law? #China  

Are... are there really people who "don't believe in" sociology?? Well that's really something new to me wow

I try not to post long, boring videos, but this 10 month old is fearless! #hesgotlotsofmoxy #fatherofson 

I have fucking work in e 3 hours just fucking kil me

Good to see Anibal Sanchez is already in midseason form...... 3 2/3 innings pitched, 5 hits, 5 runs, 2 walks, 4 K's, HR

Every time I try to retweet a contest Twitter tells me "Sorry something went wrong". What the fuck is this crap!

Step-By-Step Guide: From Starting A Twitter Account To Tons Of Traffic  

You feel invincible because everything you do now furthers you... More for Cancer 

Something That Actually "Existed": Trump Policy Shop | Full Frontal with Samantha Bee | TBS 

like all the men in my life, you fucking suck and ion want jack to do with you 

I really hate when friends try to emotional blackmail you. They're really starting to hate I learned to say no.

not even joking, i saw the pantwitter hashtag just then, n i thought it said PANT WETTER, i thought ppl were showin off bout pissin emselves

Is it bad that I have this habit of pissing my man off just bc im into freaky deeky shiiiiit  

Civil Engineer (Water) - Warrington, UK - Warrington, Warrington - CH2M #defence # jobs 

Nasty Stepsister allemande Pleasing Cock 

Loved T2, and the original is one of my favourite films. Plus I've read and thoroughly enjoyed all the books. It's… 

I'm so fucking done with school and all it's bullshit.

The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild Part 39 Der turm des Waldes:  via YouTube

Ahhhhhhhhhhhh HOLY FUCKING MOLY 

Aite..fuck Tom Brady..like I said..i'm using Phillip Rivers as an example now..what he won?why the media label his… 

My Boyfriend Skull Fucked 

NeoSport Wetsuits Premium Neoprene 1.5mm 3/4 Finger Glove, Black, Medium - Diving, Snorke 

You're looking for entertainment of a different sort; your min... More for Sagittarius 

Have you bought tickets? Hurry!!! Over 400 attending this evening. Runway Show and Sale .. Tonight See you soon xo 

Sunshine Capital, Inc. (SCNP: OTC Pink Current) | Sunshine Capital Inc. Announces That The Company's Use of… 

Vice President Pence’s “never dine alone with a woman” rule isn’t honorable. It’s probably illegal. 

Music, once admitted to the soul, becomes a sort of spirit, and never dies."--Edward George Bulwer-Lytton #quote

I feel guilty because I know his daughter is feeling it 10x worse....the world is a fucking awful place.

You say you hate me but you stalk my page you fucking hypocrite .

Zimbabwean thief poos on himself after being trapped in a chimney for 2 days  

To bad her boobs look the same before and after    this bra does nothing for her ! 

When a Drake fan tries using Kanye as an excuse to gas up his streaming "records" 

Turkish airplane granted airplanes to somalia 2 fly with food and water. Great news #imwithkap! #Lovearmy4somalia 

#social has a part to play not only in the substance but also the processes of education.It is a tool of active real time iteration. #edchat

Moderate Islam in Chechnya: Detaining and executing gays…who “don’t exist” anyway, per govt  

We have one of the smartest guy in the world as our SecDef. I'm not worried about #syriastrike being "ok" or not.

Thin Leather Wallet Card Holder Flip Case Cover Stand For Samsung Galaxy S8 S8+  

-See the Top 10 Most Intelligent People in the World - See the only Nigerian Man that made the List (See List) 

Police: S. Florida woman sold heroin with kids in car  

"Yea....you were impressive though, I actually broke a sweat when one arrow zoomed past my skull instead of his." 

House Speaker McCutcheon: Resign or not, it's governor's decision to make. #alpolitics 

Justice for defenceless Russian dog tortured with an explosive device placed in his mouth!  

I haven't listened to the newest Devin Townsend Project album much because I guess I'm essentially a rotten person, lol

I hate debating with people, esp online but sometimes I disagree so much I can’t hold my tongue. #sorrynotsorry

I'm thankful and honoured to be able to love such a loving person like you, my everything. I sound so cheesy but i… 

Thursday April 13th Snap Out Ent presents #OnOurWay2Gr8ness Beats by DJ Stormy Knights and DJ… 

Russians...Russians...Russians...all we heard from lunatic dems for 3months.. .ALL LIES..from eveil fascist Democrats!!!!

Powerful vashikaran mantra for husband..>>>  #vashikaran #mantra #husband 

[Continuity Central] Our deep misunderstanding of time in preparedness planning 

Chubby Granny in Glasses Takes on Two Crazy Cocks 

All u drug dealers out there ain't got an HGH plug? Y'all just sell weed? Fucking brokies

art and healing methods, while easing the worry of family members. We use movement  

Idek why I watch parenthood I hate it. And Camille you're a cunt

He Told Me He Ain't Like His Bitches Boring    Pull Up With A Bitch That Look Like She Foreign… 

I talked well to you all along. I do not feel like I'm answering you bad. Damn it!!

I swear to fucking god if I see allkpop or any other new acc upload another breaking news on April fools this year imma fight

We made our first Disney trip to Aulani 5 years ago, and now we get to embark on a new adventure… 

Future Might Be Keeping Blac Chyna In The Friend Zone #RobKardashian #BlacChyna #BlacChyna #BlacChyna 

Dear Blesser, The #samsunggalaxys8 is out. It is REALLY nice Let's celebrate the resurrection of the Lord with a heart of giving Thank you

Open access is one way to achieve #broadband competition - not the only way. Giving communities flexibility:  #Maine

Do you ever wonder if some of the good things that happen in your life only happen because someone else made the decision to pray for you?

David said he was the best artist in the family so I told him to draw me n prove it..I've never laughed so hard n b… 

Colossal: Amazing Terrarium and Flower Cakes Created by Iven Kawi  

i started ebg at 7pm i just need to make it until then on tuesday . goodnight :> 

Watch lesbian movie:  Horny teen Noelle Easton shoving a toy into juice 

I know why Sasha had to go and props to her starring role, but Michonne...To hell with that! #TheWalkingDead #DeyWalking

Good thinking I hear you say. Sadly not. The elastic had gone in the waistband and they fell down (mid plank/sit up combination) thus exposing

now this is what u call a bad bitch 

How Aadhaar, India's national ID program that includes citizens' biometric data, has reached ubiquitous integration… 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

You would love to call it quits early in the day so you can le... More for Cancer 

Zero Hedge | On a long enough timeline the survival rate for everyone drops to zero 

Dunno how I have done it but I have gone negative on my bank account without having an overdraft    

► #NowPlaying on #JOY : To Ulrike M. (The Amalgamation Of Soundz Mix) by Doris Days ● 24/7 #quality #fresh... 

The Latest: Top EU officials support missile strike on Syria - New York Daily News  

Collection Of Home Fucking 

Happy Friday “If you can’t do anything about it then let it go. Don’t be a prisoner to things you can’t change.”... 

Hazardous Material Packaging andamp Shipping Specialist - -: Jobcode Desc: Health and Safety… 

Roger Federer prepares for his biggest test yet in 2017 as Nick Kyrgios threatens… 

Excited that I'm going to see jellyfish at London Aquariam!   (yes, this is the closest to a jellyfish that I can find)

Hope pupils who had their first day on their feet today had a good one. Good luck and every success!

#엑소5래도록 #5YearswithEXO Whatever you do, whoever you are and wherever you are, we will treasure you until time stop. I love you every day.24

brown girl fucked #bbw tube sex 

Q - Who wrote the novel The Island of Doctor Moreau? Hint - the author is normally seen as sci-fi, but this is categorized as horror

#BREAKING new description of car suspect, addicted babies may be in. #AmberAlert #Freeport #KHOU11 

There are lots of things to do around the house and you can't ... More for Pisces 

[$2] Transformation by yann  #indiedev #Unity3D #AssetStore #SoundFX 

Union calls on retail workers to strike against Sunday shop hours  

5 to start your day: Protests break out at Massey Tunnel ground breaking, an RCMP car hits another vehicle and more… 

Assistant Manager (transfer agency) #AssistantManagerTransferAgency  #jobs #southafrica

Why is this my crazy ass    

Illustration of Cassini Spacecraft's Grand Finale Dive via NASA  

IM SO LCOSE TO DEATH SND I CANT FUCKING WAIT OH MY GOD YES BITCHHHHHHH #SignOfTheTimes

Our greatest glory is, not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. Ancient Proverb #failure #succeed

Let us start campaign to ban beef export from India. Share this massage as fast as you can do. Jago India Jago... 

My dudes homeboys show us msgs of married women still tryna slide into their DM's.That's some weirdo ass shit maine.These girls aren't women

"True character is revealed in the choices a human being makes under pressure... #dailyqotd #qotd 

LES GHETTO GIRLS LICKING AND FUCKING 

where do y'all find these   ass people man ?! like i fucking can't !!

People are So Damn Fu**ing Stupid .. They'll Believe in an Invisible Creature i.e GOD and Ignore to Believe in Unicorns,Dragons and Hippogriffs.

Balor, Rollins, KO, and Samoa Joe are the main event in the RAW after mania. Let that sink in. Love it.

n yeah u hate boys coz u r lesbian     

Cleared: Incident on #GardenStateParkway SB from South of Essex Toll Plaza to South of Exit 147 - Clinton Ave

Kevin Gausman's first pitch of the year is a 96-mph strike. His second pitch is flared into RF for a base hit. #Orioles

That's a wrap #PDAANNUAL! The conference was on FIRE this year! A great event indeed! See you next year in Orlando, FL!

Sure. That will do you lots of good. In the meantime: Welcome to the SCOTUS, Associate Justice Gorsuch! 

+How I paid N10,000 to Nigerian soldier for having tattoo on my body – Lady cries out 

We're Arctic Monkeys, and this is I Bet That You Look Good on The Dancefloor. Don't believe the hype

 Oya Download #MUSIC: "Exalt The King" by Atonye Douglas #ExaltTheKingByAtonyeDouglas  

It's 2017, the funding in UK and Scotland to help Autistic people is shocking. Other conditions/diseases funded up the arse. #waad2017

Hairy BBW brunette gets fucked 

when are you crackers going to realise that your race doesnt dictate wether youre superior or not and stop thinking everything you say+

Director Rebecca Mooney had the thrill and honor of meeting Gold Star father and civil rights activist Khizr Kahn... 

Someone had my amazon account and purchased $30+ OF FUCKING APP GAMES. FUCKING PISSED.

Boston Literary Magazine Editor and Big Table publisher Robin Stratton gives us a tip of her Sunday hat. Thanks... 

I need this photo in top pixel per inch quality with a glossy finish and framed 

'WAGS' Bachelorette and Her Girls Go T-O-P-L-E-S-S (PHOTO GALLERY)  

Surround yourself with people you can learn from, who have been where you are going; listen diligently to their adv… 

 Fact Check: Trump's misleading words on energy and jobs - MyAJC  

Alice Romain giving blowjob and gets anal fucked 

Americans tend to filter and rationalize all this through the lens of American… 

i am smiling so much right now this is just so charming ahhhh  #brony #mlp #derpyhooves  

Lets beat the fuck out of all of them!!!! 

Conspiracy theory: The sims was actually invented by the government and is trying to give us hints about life from… 

The domestic debt stock increased to K757.2 billion in the 3rd quarter of 2016 from K746.7 billion the previous quarter

Comcast internet took a dump again! 2nd time in 3 nights. At least it happened right after we finally beat Crota this time lol #BlameGary

That awkward moment when Carl palidinos son is talking to you at MTK and you want to tell him you fucking hate your dad but you can't

Love the new dance routine!! It's going to take a while to learn but at least we've got time before the tour 

 #USNews Heavy rain, storms expected in Charlotte area Friday morning - Charlotte Observer 

Ready Race 1:24 Slot Racer Classic Viper Plus Cheetah Body Model Car w/ Box  

Considering getting a semicolon tattoo, because my story isn't over yet. Though it could well have been. 

Can someone without abusing please explain why the protestors are continuing ?the media,club and fans are already bored with it

#inspiration Live your life as though your every act were to become a universal law. -Emmanuel Kant #quotes #followme

It's been crazy hectic around here, ahh!Happy to present no. 3 of 4 original pieces for the #NorWesCon art show nex… 

2014 was wild It was also the peak of my writing ability Which was really not much of a peak at all

Dell : maryellenmchill What's going on with your printer? Looping in DellCares to support.  

A deeper look at Monitoring: Audit and Bad-Guy-Detection!  

If I'm the sexiest man on #HauntedHour     just kidding!! For tonight's topic Abigail. 

This clip contains 3 ways you can tell if a dude wanting to marry you is a Bozo or a Boaz.  #SoulTies

During #StressAwarenessMonth, it's important to remember that even though many of us are under stress throughout... 

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > share fbandtw ty.  

Kindness is a theme that runs through this show and is such an important action to remember in real life too #H… 

#Treviso sexymom #submassive #selfshot uniform amature #datingsites #panty fucking interracial 

Nobody in the #donaldtrump administration know what they're doing. It'll have a disastrous consequences if they're… 

Cop Opens Up About Desperate Attempts to Save College Student Who Died After Pancake-Eating Contest 

Yeah the dude is a hoe too but this is what Im saying, they wont get talked bad about for doing it, females will ge… 

#Chinese #paper was so long lasting that it was sometimes used for #clothing and even as #armor.… 

Congratulations to all ENTI 317 teams competing in the RBC FP Semi Finals. You should all be very proud of how much… 

My all-time favorite hockey player has retired. So many memories racing through my brain. Thank you, Patty, for all… 

 Empowering the growth of others: an underutilized desire for game design? #gamedesign

"Don't drop the soap. You'll be alright. I've been up in there. Just don't show ass. You'll be alright."

Hate watching an interview and I hear "like" a fucking million times

I just left the house knowing that there's no way my phone will last through the night. This is bravery in 2017.

Favorite Dynamics 365 (CRM and related) Tweets of the Day - 2017-04-07  #MSDyn365 #Dynamics365 #MSDynCRM

You are trying a new approach to doing your chores today. You ... More for Leo 

2nd shout out to those who know what I'm really like but still like me anyways. You're the real MVP's  

Tell me, what can a poor boy do, except for, sing for a RockNRoll band? Cos in this sleepy… 

My god I posted a lot of Nicholas Sparks quotes on my Facebook 9 years ago..what was happening in 2008?

Graduated college, in shape, full head of hair and I have my own apartment downtown San Francisco. Life is good. Happy birthday Me    

Switching to a New Payments System Helped This Small Furniture Store Boost Sales: Now they can compete.  #YunnohNews

_NewsTechnology: On Equal Pay Day, Zillow announces female employees make $1.01 for every dollar earned by male co… 

is this on purpose because of jimin's death threats because if yes i'm dying 

#MLB Wire: Cutch stars on D, confident hits will come  

Huh? I forgot to sign what? Oh well, I'll get it next time. Right now I need to golf. 

People are like “you’re just lazy” Fuck you. You couldn’t survive a day with my mind you pathetic asshole.

Our greatest glory is, not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. Ancient Proverb #failure #succeed

If that's his pointy little head photo shopped in, then the glasses mean he is genetically inferior 

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

you can be a bad motherfucker but that don't make you a man

#mcfc Keep blowing points week in week out! Fucking hell!

Please RT #interiordesign #homedecor #decoration 3 Tips for Pairing Cabinetry + Countertops  

Yuuri posing like Yuzuru will be the death of me. Seeing my angel pose as #ActualAngelYuzuruHanyuu is killing me

Matching the World's Largest Payments Network: Ripple Claims Transaction Throughput at Visa Levels  #business #bank…

WHEN WILL YOUR FUCKING FAVE EVER BITCH 

Is it normal to be shaking after taking a test? I'm not nervous or anything I just can't stop shaking

The Beautiful Ones is on New Music Saturday by Drcbones, OMSARTIST and 1inFiveHQ via #spreaker  np NewMusic

We can win a pizza party for having really great participation in the Read-A-Thon. Read every night! Make our pepperoni dreams come true.

never wanna parent bc I don't want nobody to end up mentally fucked up like me

 #unsigned #talent #forum Axe reckons with a moral decision on #Billions. Our recap: … 

The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary - Vidal Sassoon  

If Danny Santana is bad at every defensive position, having defensive flexibility doesn't add a lot of value.

yas just found out there's a whole new season of hell's kitchen i haven't seen yet, i guess that's what i'm doing with my day now 

Suspected gas attack on Syria's rebel-held Idlib kills at least 35: Observatory  #Business… 

With Stunning Moral Clarity, Wallace Global Fund Fires Firm That Endorsed Donald Trump's Kleptocracy - Slate…… 

I'm sh cked by the embarrassing things people e-mail their whole department when they leave their workstation unlocked.

not gonna talk about Trump but: he needs to listen to his people b/cos the country is falling apart and it's only april

Woo! We are super excited! Come on out and support our new team in their first session! 

Sometimes I wish for someone to listen to me and console me.. sometimes I wish no one ever get to read / hear me..

FOX Sports project: Marching Bands on TV during College Football halftime broadcasts 

Theresa May was right to cosy up to Donald Trump, says Tony Blair  

Stress is everywhere, but these military service members and veterans can show us ho...  

Prayers for my Redhawk family. Allow this to be a time of unity. Spread smiles, hugs, and sweet memories today. #weareWestwood #weareFamily 

Spring planting: How native plants can help create 9,000 caterpillars in your yard--and why you would want to.… 

"What I Am Not" Be thankful this day for "What I Am Not." Who we are not has much  #spiritual #gratitude #life

Seattle Times: 3 Men Accuse Ed Murray of Sexually Abusing Them As Teenagers 

praying for all those who don't have a home in this crazy ass Georgia weather

This picture makes me super happy  In a size 14 at long last   Rocking the summer look   So… 

Jeanine Pirro Rips Liberals: ‘Bozos’ Still Haven’t Figured Out What Russia Did to Stop ‘Queen Hillary’s Coronation’… 

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Licensed Practical Nurse - LPN -  #LPN #Monroeville,… 

Join us and other thought leaders at the Internet of Things Summit April 19 and 20 in San Francisco! #IoTWest17… 

You could push someone so much that they give up on you and when that time comes i hope you realize how much of a fucking coward you are

Someone's taken my can of sprite from the work fridge. Classing this as an act of fucking war.

just went I thought I was done with this shitty week the alarm system isnt working and I can't leave. OH MY GOD! I HATE THIS PLACE!

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

I don't usually watch sports, but I did catch a little of the #Aerosmith concert at the #FinalFour   

Everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today, but you k... More for Cancer 

Action should be taken against all 130 Crores citizens who have selected such Rogue, criminal MPs. 

Ok... got the basics down in my first Beginner and crash course Advance Ballroom class ...first time...evaaaah!... 

Let's see, this game has been out since...July? And only NOW am I getting my first 10 km egg 

I listened to this piece on National Progressive Radio. 3 Liberal idiots think they can do a thorough assessment… 

Well I fucked up, who can help me get into Remo tomorrow?

Niantic mobile game with my computer making an adderall instead of little cousin made me this thing specific and spite me:

Thanks to our friend and IGer Harleythebaybulldog for sharing this photo of him hanging out at one of our bus stops… 

Harley Davidson Motorcycle Windshield - Freedom Shield -  

Sana is not prettier than Candice I'm sorry but she's not Sana is beautiful but not prettier than Candice! Candice got it all#HustleAndSoul

   POLYMERBAZAAR head Mr.Bhavin Vora in interviewed by #NIPNA-Iran. Click 2read interview :  

The adrenaline pumped Paul Ricard Circuit at Le Castellet offers so much for a family outing during a holiday in... 

My truck is gonna be the death at me... been fucking around with it all day and it's still messed up

Shayg Salih al-Fawzan: It is upon you to sleep early so that you make the morning a time for work and knowledge. Sharh Munthumat al-Adab 438

Medical News Today: PTSD 'should be viewed as a systemic disorder' Researchers call for post-traumatic stress diso… 

We're still a little sad we didn't see the Pantone 7s on the National Champs. Available April 29th… 

You're just mad you're about to lose this bet lil ho 

Time 01:42PM Temp 52.5°F WC 52.5°F Hum 91﹪ Winds NNE 0.9 to 2.0mph Rain 0.04in Baro 29.67inHg 

Interested in learning more about the Amazing Alpha Epsilon chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority Incorporated join us… 

Mon 3rd Apr 09:30: The #Weather in #Liverpool is currently Sunny and 8C | Max: 16C Min: 7C - #MyWeather

damn i hope they dont find out my weakness is thicc ladies that would be awful 

Premier League Top Six Matches and Mini-League Table ahead of Chelsea v Manchester City tonight #CFC #MCFC… 

Idc how mad I am I never tell mfs business doe that's a jealous bitch trait

tmw trump said both we pray and god bless and I'm a lil shook. Really thought I wouldn't hear that in the White House ever again     

"i've got these fucking barney rubbles in my mentions"

12022 started on 27/03/2017 Reached its destination HWH and was 15 Mins Late 

Tonight: I talk with Captain Fehringer about missing #LNK woman Shelly Miller and how the department handles missing… 

I really fucking hate being misinterpreted and being told I'm over reacting...

Ringside Elite Free-Standing Bag Review | Is it Really the Best?  #punchingbag #heavybag 

Tax Reform over the summer months? What does that look like for us? Forbes has more: 

Jack Johnson is so cute and precious , how can u not love that boy with the voice of angel ? I dont get it

When u tell ppl ur ultimate goal is to work for yourself they give all types of side eyes, stares like u don't know what you are talkin bout

I have got you, deep in the heart of me So deep in my heart that you're really a part of me I've got you under my s… 

AG Jeff Sessions announces expansion of program that deports criminal undocumented immigrants in federal prisons.… 

I often think that about different ethnicities. I wonder if they have as many problems w/ each other like Black people seem to have.

'Room-size issue': #Trump's estate too small for Chinese delegation  

Went to The Body Shop to try Euntak's perfume (which Gong Yoo endorses irl) and it smells horrible aaaah I wanted to support this ㅠㅠ

Neil Perkin's book on the #agilebusiness is finally out. Looking forward to reading this: 

Can't look back now It's closer to the other side... _______________________ What's the sense of Changing horses in midstream? BOB DYLAN

YALL DONT UNDERSTAND JACKSON IS THE TYPA PERSON WHO NEEDS REASSURANCE AND GOT5 FUCKED UP. HE DESERVES RESPECT HE DE… 

Water pollution: the damage caused to oceans and waterways  

Together we are US Technosoft!!   

How is that not a FT violation?? Clearly on the line. A pee wee ref can call that!! He got away w/ the push too… 

People of Twitter..how many slices of garlic bread is one too many? Bit of a dilemma here and wondering whether I should have "just one more".

The Internet Is Running Out Of Space -- Here's Why That Matters If businesses keep ignoring the switch to IPv6, co 

FT: Liverpool 3-1 Everton; : Mane, Coutinho and Origi; Pennington  ️: Firmino, Lucas and Coutinho; Williams The derby didn’t disappoint! #FT

UOIP Is suing 13 of the largest largest cable MSOs in the country for infringing on patents that allows cable companies to provide…

Artist Turns Human Bones Into Usable Dinnerware Items But Doesnt Tell His Guests 

Fukushima residents hold vigil paying tribute to victims of 2011 earthquake and tsunami - 

This Trump/Russia thing is so crazy, even the conservative, kissin his ass WSJ is breaking stories now

Not cool, better call Saul people, not cool. My happiness went through the roof when they showed Bryan Cranston. No… 

By protecting their own rainforest from illegal logging, an Afro-Colombian community on the northwest Caribbean... 

out for her. debbie is just a stupid cunt and i hate her. she has had no true development and it stresses me out.

Report: Former Trump National Security Advisor Mike Flynn Offers to Testify for Immunity  

Time for Policy Control to Charge? - #PCC #DPI #Telecoms Pricing Data Plans  

The losers on the couch are killing the game. If it wasn't caught before she started the next round, that's on the… 

#ForensisGroup Cruise Ship Employee's Ergonomic Expert Permitted Over Objection. Read Blog: 

I appreciate having a dream abt masturbating bc that is something I don't get to experience very often  

Not happy with the 'Salon Hung' at #CandidArtsTrust...... My pictures were scattered like grains in the sand. 

Two Girls Massaging And Fucking With Dildo 

I need to wash my fucking dog. He smells like a foot.

tfw playing firewatch again and then: fucking what 

“When no one listens to you, write, because the page will always listen to you.” - missblueturtle (via... 

2 the MJ folks here, I ask that im given this one as a concubine. She's dark but its fine  

We shut off feeling because the memories of Home were too painful. We are returning Home now, so it's OK to feel.

10 Secrets to Increase Your Productivity and Accomplish Your Goals  #productivity

When Conley comes out it all falls apart... that's a FO problem that was the one glaring issue at the beginning of the season.

Welp bringing the truck back in see what's up maybe they can fix the damn gas tank so much time wasted and the... 

My art has never been noticed, why should your stupid ass tweet be ?

These countries think they can win a war against america. LOL do u EVEN KNOW WHERE WWE STARTED. Any WWE contestant could whoop any country

Cable Charger Charging 1M USB Data For Samsung Galaxy S2 S3 S4 Free Ship  

The same Knicks fans who want to draft an elite point guard will run him outta town before year 3 because of poor player development

Fuck me like this!!! #libog #SOP   

Why yes, the reason I follow people is so I can see them complain to airlines about their canceled flight.

Comedian Tina Fey blasts the college-educated white women who voted for President Donald...  

POLL: Should parents take their children out of school for holidays during term time?  

Couple Fucking At The Beach 

•Who Retard Said Cop Belt Was Removed Again ? 

NASA has a way for astronauts to escape a launch in a hurry  

50PCs Bronze Tone Filigree Butterfly Charm Pendants Wraps Connector 4.3x2.8cm  

Stuffed Banana Pepper Soup #Recipe  #recipeoftheday #soupseason 

You should have went out with a win, Undertaker. Thank you for everything. #THANKYOUTAKER #wrestlemania 

Well my internet went down when Mané went down hope it's nothing serious! Beautiful Origi goal! 3 points MERSEYSIDE IS RED

#girls giting fucked by sweedish women nude 

#teaching how to eat pussy nude and fucked in the woods 

A great Magicarpe appeared! It will be in fontaine St Martin Le Vinoux until 1:41 AM. #PokemonGO #fontaine #GRE 

If you STILL living with Yo mama I will not argue with you go too yo room better yet go catch a couch before I hurt ya feelings you a CHILD

what a retard if he was a girl I would slap her 

Brunette is fucked by a redhead 

Stunning Babe Showering  -Learn how to squirt  #squirting

I desperately want to live in a #LoveHasNoLabels world. Just one week where everyone is loved for exactly who they… 

Launched my new website  Come take a look to find out how deep the river runs! #femdom… 

Serbian President predsednikrs: #BeltandRoad Initiative is the way China shows greatness by helping other countrie… 

The Walking Dead Season 4 Part 2 Wardrobe Card M41 Rosita  

Textures of #capecod. Simple day today-Nobska light, potato chip factory, and dodging rain. 

I feel completely broken inside. I'm so fucking lost! I don't know what I'm doing with my life and my friends aren't.. friends. My mom.. well.

Gilbert Holiday: We'll All Go A-Hunting Today-1933-1st Hunting Field Sketchbook  

Whether you love #porn and #sex or not, please watch this #video NOW:  

Benning on for 3 LAK goals. Nurse on for all 5 5v5 LAK goals and all I'm hearing and reading is how bad Benning was. They were both bad.

hdgfjshdf MY FUCKING BABY 

General = Apostle. Is Rick Warren a General in the NAR sense? See what this means and who else is a "General." 

FUCK SAKE! How on earth has he been allowed to get that shot away???? Pathetic defending!

14k Yellow Gold Fiery Opal Earrings for Pierced Ears  

  life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain <EMOJI>️   

Come up with my chicken or yo ass gone b a vegetable

Was going to reply to a crap tweet by some woman here but they saw 'feminism' in her bio. Summed up everything!

The definition of Trump and O'Reilly: sex, sexual allegations, allegations, lies, all, says 

#TampaBay RT "#FSU Starting lineup for tonight's game against the FGCU Eagles.    …  "… 

John Oliver slams 'Devin f---in' Nunes' for his role in Trump's 'stupid Watergate'  

So many relationships can be saved if partners try to explain themselves to each other instead of keeping things to themselves

Owww shit shit packing tape. ASDFGHJKLDHGKLDHA !!!!!!!!!     

I hate tf out of this home health care job always fucking up my checks   

I remember seeing this yesterday on insta. I cried; dedicated ode to sleep to Dan and promised to fight depression 

#DumbDownAQuote "I'm wagering everything on a classic balance of minimal skill and a big belief in the fact that 'I a… 

The real question is why y'all talking shit about her instead of congratulating her 

yo if you ever broke a PINKY PROMISE. that's fucked up. unforgivable.

Houston councilman fears for safety after calling police in murder-for-hire case  

Well done to the children who have won the KS2 Lunchtime Behaviour awards this week! 

#Dagga....mxm this is #LIFE #EXPECTTHEUNEXPECTED Smoke until................... ................................I DONT KNOW

Former MCE of Ashaiman shot by two INVINCIBLE FORCES GUYS ,pls remember him in your prayers Akufo Addo GH God save us all

hey don't rt hentai on my tl while im at school or I'll slit your fucking throat

How Rebecca Ferguson went from 'Mission: Impossible' scene-stealer to the star  BREAKING NEWS #Trump #RETWEET #MAGA

Brunette babe Mia fucked and jizzed 

VERY OVERDUE,,, happy birthday to this hot mess. i love your dorky antics, but most of all you #HappyMinoDay 

Working at the intersection of computational design, additive manufacturing, materials engineering and her is... 

Republicans prepare to leave Washington without resolving health care disputes: "I'm surprised we've been this…… 

Trump administration reverses course on nerve-agent pesticide  

Thinking of encapsulating mold thats in your home? Make sure you use the right product or it will get worse 

Program Video of 13th Central Foundation Day and 6th Biennial Conference of Kokrajhar Dist. Committee of ABMSU 

Down and down we go We'll torch this place we know Before one of us takes a chance And breaks this, I won't be the one.

And it seems like an easier way for Trump to help Syrians would be to stop being a dick and stop turning the nation's back on refugees. 4/4

North Tucson: Geodude  100.0% (15/15/15 - Tackle/Rock Slide/big til 22:53:38(24m 50s). 

#PetPeeves2017 - Those crazy ass looking eyebrows. 

i just finished this and i have never, in my entire life, been more in love with a book 

i'm really glad i've been blessed with social anxiety, it makes every situation im in much more fun to be in #blessed

I'm pissed off because I'm sick and I can't sleep because of it

Dirty brunette whore gets her greedy 

The problem with two front teeth protuding out, when taking formal photo without smiling is the… 

While we are not privileged to see the Transfiguration of the physical body of Jesus Christ, we do have an... 

Mr Coates, have you made that phone call yet? Get him into your office for 9.00 am sharp and get rid.

#MadeYaLook Tomorrow Free Jell-O Shots, Pizza, and Glow Sticks Powered by #Modish  2

Croconaw available until 08:24:50am (20m 54s). Water Gun / Crunch (62.2% - 4/15/9) 

Power Rangers, Ghost in the Shell and beauty and the beast is out and I'm playing doom. What fucking year is this.

There is constructive criticism, and there's whatever shit you chucklefucks are doing. There's shitty criticism that benefits no one too.

YOU ARE INSULTING=GUESS YOU ARE JEALOUS=SHOW RESPECT OR LEAVE MY COUNTRY IDIOT 

Next week is #NationalAuctioneersWeek, be sure to tune into our Social Media Pages as we show appreciation for our customers and auctioneers.

When you roll up to the protest but you forgot to pick up a #Pepsi on the way over #PepsiAd 

I got married some years ago. But the person didn't paid the price, I divorce and then came Jesus. He paid the price

What Rudyard Kipling was saying in this poem, essentially, is this: Bitches be crazy. 

Olivia Wilde will make Broadway debut in ‘1984’ - Olivia Wilde will make her Broadway debut in the New York run... 

just incase you were having a bad day, watch this video of a baby fox learning to sit   

PURE DELICIOUSNESS!!!!!!! Vegan chocolate peanut butter muffins #vegan #chocolatepeanutbutter… 

This is a fun map as I lay here thinking about taking Monday off because its supposed to be so nice... 

Blasting three days grace and repping the fuck out in the Gym let's Fucking get it ! RISE AND GRIND

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

Here Are the Six Stages of Sleeping and Sharing a Bed With Your Significant Other 

IF U THROW SPOILER ON MY TML I QILL FUCKING KILL Y 

Add me on snap if you wanna see my sister being an idiot   

In Case You Missed It: New Story: Berkeley High School Varsity Softball falls to Hanahan High School 6-2 

<EMOJI>️ FOXTEL is having issues since Mar 30 06:05 AM EST.    RT if you are also having issues… 

#hlctimecapsule - More listening, more heart, more collaboration, "maker spaces" and project learning the norm

Tasek Gelugor mp Shabudin is sick and bloody idiot

 A few seats remain. Message me if you have any questions. This will be epic!  

I just realized all of my pets are named after anime characters... I'm starting to second guess the whole "I'm not a weeb" thing...

I am going to rip my fucking hair out and set it on fire 

Austin city Limits is on! Oh....Vampire Weekend. Good thing there's a Golden Girls Marathon somewhere.

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

5 years of laughter 5 years of sadness 5 years of pain and were still going strong :'''< #5YearswithEXO

A4: Definitely luxury. Going on a childfree holiday. And of course beautiful scenery! #defineyourluxury #TBIN

I was watching #LivePD when my hometown was on it, once they took us off I stopped watching lol I just wanted to see who they put up there

 Homeland Party (Homeland Parody): Homeland Party (Homeland Parody) 3:03… 

Touched by a fucking angel, this man. I'm here for it tbh. 

8 games left, message is simple. Play for the badge on the front, and we'll remember the name on the back. It's time to be great. #swa

I don't know of that made sense because I'm bad with wording stuff... but glad I was able to get my thoughts out.

How much you want to bet 2 of the foreign leaders the Obama admin were surveilling were Farage and Netanyahu... #oreillyfactor

The ocean stirs the heart, inspires the imagination and brings enteral joy to the soul.   

We have shot ourselves in the foot as women... raising these useless ass men. It is a horrible cycle  

Coffee anyone? Only in a Dhan Arts mug please! Available across the island! Ask for a Dhan Arts… 

Rock,paper,scissors but correct me if I'm wrong but doesn't the nuclear clause make null and void a filibuster? Bot… 

#MassEffectAndromeda shut down application right after I did a full respect but before saving. FML! #gamerproblems #gamersunite

“What happens when you run over a Stinger LED HP with a rototiller? Nothing!” 

Mendacious idiot quisling gonna mendacious idiot quisling. 

Found a Transponder Snail! Oars comes back as a henchman of Moria?!  #TreCru 

Ze Art! One day at the museum in the infinity room... #art #thebroad #yayoikusama #infinityroom… 

Like fuck all the chocolate... SHE GOT ME A CANDLE!!!!

The elephants we need to get rid of are the Republican GOP members. The real elephants are beautiful creatures with… 

Beats by Dr. Dre Tour In-Ear Only Headphones - White  

This month's first-of-the-month-actual-comic is an actual comic! #comics #parenting #toddlers #parentingproblems 

When I'm on my period, all I wanna do is fucking fight. I wanna fight all the bitches at work

Always Prepared: 5 Items You Absolutely Must Have in Your 72-Hour Kit  

"Who"s extreme? Maybe it"s YOU" Andrew Neil SAVAGES Green deputy leader over Brexit jibe. 

The most selective schools make an extraordinary difference in life earnings for black and Hispanic students... 

He think he fucking my Nigga. Nigga that Nigga for rent.   

NigeriaNewsdesk: LAUTECH labour unions threaten fresh strike  via todayng 

DaDailyDose Eva Lovia Thanks Shout Out To Eva Lovia For Tha Followed Real Talk Respect yo Thanks U iight Holla yo DDB

Gloom: Smells incredibly foul! However, around one out of a thousand people enjoy sniffing its nose-bending stink.

my 16 year old cousin was attacked by a 19 year old guy. Bruised and bitten. i have no words other than guys are awful

I'm soo fucking bugged like this is how you treat your friends?

Two men arrested in drug bust, accused of trading drugs for food stamps -  

 Hello, Trump Supporter, I'm Reality. It's nice to meet you for the very first time.

Now you can see which are the last followers who have visited your Twitter profile here  #WhoVisitProfile

It shall be said in that day, “Behold, this is our God! We have waited for… (Isaiah 25:9)  

Nah, it's alright. Come at us. We'll fucking die anyways. 

Give Night Owls Work Hours That Let Them Spread Their Wings #finance #business  

He Found And Killed The Man Who Molested His Younger Brother, Openly Confessed In Court 

How do people watch Netflix on their laptops? Like you're binge watching on a 13 inch screen you fucking peasant. It's 2017 fucking wake up

Zack Buck unpacks flaws in states' Medicaid Managed Care bidding processes. #SLU_HealthLaw #SLU_LAW 

Made my day extra special, He's really full of surprises.   Thankyou babe!   

Yall niggas stop dick riding..you ain't never been on DA block a day in your life.. stop the tough talk

#lita fake nudes telugu girls sucking and fucking videos 

"Tell her that– You know what, I'll do it. Leave it to me." Quickly snatches the phone. He's gotten a little too… 

if i don't look good in real life, so let me enjoy looking good in virtual and just one question to ask, WHO ARE YOU TO JUDGE?

I'm always happy to see friends. It gives me a boost like nothing else can. And yes, it is better than sitting around in my jammies.

Sweeping Federal Review Could Affect Consent Decrees Nationwide #BaltimoreMd #SessionsJeffersonBIII 

the worst people on 13 reasons why are Courtney fucking Crimson and that fuckwad Marcus

Geo-Electrical Exploration for Groundwater within the Premises of University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital... 

We will never part from each other Anything that will hurt you Nothing that will cause tear will happen

Shawn is a fucking god!    

10 most damning findings from report on Russian election interference The US intelligence community concluded t 

The symbolic burning of New Statesman subscriptions will take place at 17:30 ...  #Momentum delivers its own parody!

U can play good golf while being emotionally unstable. U better have great technique. Lexi t just proved that #technicherulesemotion

Curated and Selected: When U ask a screenwriter, publisher, or stranger to read your book: Reading Time 3min 2sec… 

This might be too much for me to handle. That second picture makes me feel like I am staring into heaven. Incredibl… 

Dear #Remoaners who cannot face reality, where did you get your opinion on Brexit. The nice suited middle-class TV man? Oh jolly good Jonty!

 | South Sudanese forces 'torched thousands of homes' 

#Confirmed a EUR 200 million long-term loan to StateBank of India to support Indian large scale solar projects-European Investment Bank -ANI

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

"No pen, no words, no image can express to you the loveliness of my only Lord Jesus." Samuel Rutherford

If a girl warns you about her ex, just listen. Especially if you know the girl and your friend is close with her and is telling you he's crazy.

#adecules RT adecules2017 "#adecules RT adecules2017 "#google #adecules 

Crush your 2017 goals with your Ultimate Dream Team. Fo' Free...Enter Here  

Volleyball standout J.P. Reilly will head to Stanford, but he’s diving deep in his last season at Loyola… 

"See, now life... is 10 percent what you Make It... and 90 percent how you Take It."    

hearing the polish people talking in this movie and knowing what they were saying was the best thing. it was only one word but still !!!!!!!

Today is World Health Day! World Health Day is celebrtated on 7th April every year to mark the anniversary of... 

when they fuck up so bad, that's when they begin to care

I took a pic of myself and put it on this girl snap story last night then took the pic of her friends... Wonder if she ever realized.

#Sargodha They deserved this... lesson for other people who go to these babas and do not turn to their God... :/ >_<

#HappyBirthdayDorisDay #alernativefacts   <EMOJI>️ “Happy 93rd... wait... 95th birthday to Doris Day” 

Are. You. Kidding. People are still using the ol' "your opinion is invalid and you're an idiot because you swear" argument?

you came in alone and youll go out alone. along the way youll find support. it hurts but be happy w you baby. dispite… 

typical the groupchat decides to get lit just as i get out of the shower ive been sat here with wet hair for like 45 minutes

We thank Naman Kathal for registering as #B+ blood donor in #Bhopal North, #Madhya Pradesh #Friends2Support

I WOULD BE FUCKING SOBBINNNNNNN 

Your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you... More for Gemini 

Your straightforward communication isn't nearly as clear as yo... More for Capricorn 

#jesse logan nude pic men fucked by girls 

Do you love #xxx? Or something #hot? This #video is much better:  

Warriors sprint away from Timberwolves with another dominant third quarter - The Mercury News ... 

Gonna plug this every time I see Silvio saying the deal is done  

In Trump Country, Shock at Trump Budget Cuts, but Still Loyalty  Amazing read Why not shoot yourself in the face?

A McDonald's customer saved an unconscious teenager's life as she choked at a drive-thru  

Dear sleep schedule, please get it together. This waking me up after about four hours and not letting me go back... 

#Gartner local briefing on Cloud Strategy, Architecture and Expense Management. 

Beware the 'Nanny Tax' - The IRS is cracking down on wage taxes for more than just nannies, and no one is immun... 

IWX extends time of Flood Warning valid at Mar 31, 5:13 AM EDT for Eel River at North Manchester [IN] till Apr 2, 2:00 AM EDT …

When we tell y'all to chill on it all we get "boo this for myself, not y'all   " 

Fucking Couple bresilien au Motel Webcam 

I don't do well with hints , we're grown . Speak your fucking mind .

OK criticize me but I love tech, I can talk to my friends and anywhere and one in the world right from my bed anytime of day!

me: hey, how are you? driver: not feeling so great...I think you'll be my last ride (drives into oncoming traffic)

Perfect start to the weekend, Happy #NationalBeerDay!     #KeepCalmandDrinkOn #StarTrek #KlingonBeer 

Justice for Bud- cruel students lit up fire crackers in his mouth! Plz sign:  

Kostas Manolas: Has won more aerial duels (260) than any other player in Serie A since August 2014 

You know, i dont fucking care you know how to drive or dress up or you even know how to travel. Shut the hell up people dont care bitch

Seriously!!! There's "officiating" and just making yourself part of the game. #JesusH 

With a growing team, we are expanding all the time. Do you or your band want to produce a music video? We can accom… 

There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Think about that before you #judge someone.

Seeing both sides of an argument is not a new dilemma for most... More for Libra 

9 romantic tattoos couples are getting when they say ‘I do’ #robots  

My twitter activity mainly consists of mornings, sometimes in the afternoon, and I'm constantly on when attending conventions.

Coventry at Wembley and my sister pipes up with "wish I was there" as if she's a fucking ultra and wouldn't spend 90 mins eating pies.

Watchin' rn, I'm on ep 3-A     even tho I didn't get da story on da first ep.   

A host at 171.8.116.59 (CN, Henan - Zhengzhou) tried to log into my honeypot's fake Terminal Services server... #netmenaces 1

Geez I better watch 13 Reasons Why as soon as I'm home because half of twitter is spoiling it and I'm currently too poor to buy the book

Spinning, laughing, dancing to her favorite song, a little girl with nothing wrong and she's all alo 

I can't fucking believe it Jeff and Matt Hardy Hardy #TheHardyBoyz RAW Tag Team Champs!!!! Hell yeah!!!!      

Jose Mourinho: 'I regret handling of Bastian Schweinsteiger situation'  (Source: Sports Mole)

VIDEO : Tillerson Warns NATO the FREE RIDE IS OVER and It’s Time to PAY UP  

Despite man-made global-warming hysteria, there have been far fewer intense typhoons in recent years:  #climate

How can you be that evil man. Rot in prison ya fucks 

Peri: .... Xander: Peri! It's not what it looks like, I can expla- Peri: I'm sorry milord... Xander: Peri no- 

‘Yahoo Boys’ and Online Fraudsters Arrested in Lagos State (Photo)  

If you miss NBA Jam and NBA Street, take a look at NBA Playgrounds  

Caretaker manager Steve Agnew is eager to find the right balance between attack and defence for Middlesbrough after the club slipped seven …

I'm about whatever, Fuck what they be talking bout  They Opinion doesn't count  ‍We the only things that matters  

The foul practice of wild owl baiting by 'wildlife photographers':  

Learn to deal wd fucking ppl febyy. Dont stress out

Lol we dont need your life updates... we want answers regarding the issues that plagues your company.

LMAO! Pls don't come for me oh, I'm just saying he's Always like that to everyone. Adreyn took it too personal 

Rotaract in Great Britain and Ireland (RGBI) Conference 2017 is happening right now. Check out this live stream... 

RUMOURS: United make plans as Madrid eye De Gea on  - 

Drugs are bad, mmmkay? Goddamn it, they've fucked up #Atlanta traffic for the rest of the year!   #I85 #I85collapse 

BlockChannel:Eric Voorhees' digital currency exchange raised $10.4m to fuel a suite of new products. 

Our #arancini, #italianstylebakedhaddock and #surfandturf signature collection. 

What happened.. 200 FUCKING MEGABUTES CAPACITY?? -.- 

International Summer School on Deep Learning 17-21 July 2017 Bilbao, Spain Early registration deadline: April 21... 

I don't have a problem with Anne putting my tweets in the paper. I have a problem with her not putting in my exact words.

Today's #OMoO video features one incredible nade, and one not so incredible nade. Enjoy!  

Simultaneously viewing the Men's NCAA Championship. That center for Gonzaga....WOW! He's both hot and scary at the same time.   

Look up there auntie and thank God for you are blessed!!     50 hearty cheers for you ahdookeh… 

Don't forget, the delicious Southeast Asian Night Market is on 4pm-10pm this wkend by Odlins Plaza on waterfront. 

What else have they got besides Russia? Losing a 1000 seats falling on the sword for BO kinda leaves you no where t… 

Less that 2 weeks until entries close for the #LincsTech and Digital Awards! More information available here:… 

You a nigga fucked ip if he wake up with his socks on and one earring in 

And thats what you get for fucking around trying to pass it out from the keeper

Took this by Penge East Station. Not sure how I feel. At least I can buy endive and quails' eggs just a few steps… 

IMHO, Kevin's end goal here will be to get William to think of Will/Dre and Kev/Bruno as 'secret' alliance potentia… 

LB Rueben Foster, Bow has been injured two of last three years, need someone he can groom, he's all football , grea… 

today is Evelyn Farkas,Evelyn Farkas,Evelyn Farkas,Evelyn Farkas,Evelyn Farkas,Evelyn Farkas DAY SHARE IT

Social activities may be on the calendar today, but you aren't... More for Virgo 

BPD 911 Dispatch: AUTO ACCIDENT | MATTFELDT AV/W NORTHERN PY | Thu, Apr 6th 2017, 3:10 pm | Low | P170961603

Is Fitz ever going to find out that his son who passed was really his father's? Shonda keeping that on the back burner? #Scandalabc

Have you signed up for ImpactAlpha's daily brief? Check out our one-stop shop for news you can use on #impinv 

(and who the hell cleaned 221b and DID NOT SEE that fucking note on the floor jesus)

they broke through the defenses in only a day and a half during the Winter, when their bending had a disadvantage to the water benders

Enlightened Peoples of the Internet may frown but look, Total Divas has very consistently been about Cena not wanting to marry Nikki

New Zelda vid taking on a bunch of endgame mobs with no dmg taken and no Blessings or buffs. 

Global Nuclear Moisture Separator Reheaters Market- Toshiba, Peerless (CECO), Babcock…  

When u wake up bloody af and in a garbage can u know you had a lit ass night   "Jake"

and that's what I've been saying a lot lately I need more people around me that's on my level or better because some just don't get it.

Bon will always be my baby, keep trying hoe   — ur stupid  Been mine for 2 years u not even existin... 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

So Kendall is off the hook and French Montana. Petty shit doesn't count amongst world affairs. Don't forget to hand a cop a Pepsi   

Your straightforward communication isn't nearly as clear as yo... More for Capricorn 

This Fox Is So Excited To Meet A Cow Friend. All #Animals Crave Kindness. Watch:  #Vegan… 

India urges PM #RemoveUnfairPOCSOlaw ASAP! Ensure 'Fair Court Proceedings' for innocent Asaram Bapu Ji.

Want your home summer ready but haven't got round to it yet? Call us for your FREE Quote today and get your summer… 

Poorer health and shorter lives in #USA compared to peer countries across the globe #MoreThanHealthCare #SocialInequalities

There's nothing contradictory about education and being paid for your campus job. False dichotomy, and one the NCAA… 

Is the 2nd Edition of Invasion #MovieNightInThePark on April 8th at Rattray Park Ksi 

Anyone who knows how to get to the nearest fast food restaurant would probs take the cake ngl 

Being foreign af but not having an accent when I speak English is annoying bc I look dumb as shit when I say something wrong

TFW you unearth your long neglected garden beds, discover a few tiny strawberries, and begin to… 

(Front Pads)4 Premium Front Ceramic Brake Pads(F-150 F-150 Heritage Blackwood)  

It's weird how good people go through the worse times, but 100% of the time those good people get something great in return

Sad news to hear that Trans-Siberian Orchestra band leader/producer Paul O'Neill has passed. 

I just followed about 40 bunny   accounts on Instagram. I'm not going to get a fucking thing done ever again !    

Sean Spicer: Trump empowers women. World: You live under a rock, bro?  #Donald_Trump 

hell he rode one in, hes fubama tough !!!! 

Niggas are so nasty, WASH YOUR DAMN HANDS AFTER USING THE BATHROOM.

#Jose Mourinho calls for video technology to help officials after Zlatan Ibrahimovic's disallowed goal #football… 

The Tall Man better finish his yard work or The Dark Haired Lady won't be too happy when she gets home. Right, Wee?… 

I don't have a reason to cry, and I have every reason to smile. And I don't have a reason to lie, when you're alrea… 

It fucked me up when I seen you with the nigga the day after I was warned you was fucking with him 

  T-Mobile is having issues since Apr 02 12:30 PM EST.    RT if you are also having issues… 

A detailed examination of #market #manipulation and how the masses are played 

bitch one day i went to fucking church ...... pastor told me boy you off the purp

"You ,ay only be one person to the world, but yob may also be the world to one person."Peter Ustinov

In the court yard, without ski boots St. Bartholomew stood in fresh powder, offering a winterized pumpkin in his outstrectched hand.

Like it was gone say, "Damn..I know I just saw a whole row of children, them lil niggas disappeared AGAIN!" 

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Thank you so much Blaine! We are excited to hear that you are saving $$! — feeling thankful at SunPower by Sun Sola… 

MF: males with neither show no preference for color (model very accurately predicts what species should have colour preference) #atwood17

Baseball Acrylic Display Case 3.65"X3.65"X3.5"-Black Base  

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

i just wanna say fuck you til i fuck you again. i think ive had enough of you but i dont wanna lose a friend.

It's awkward to think that all these people in TV shows are acting. Especially when the show is good. 

We are all pretty excited to meet Darrell C Hammond and Taylor Hicks when they stop by #MorningBreakCLT at 9am... 

Deciphering core subliminal along with unstructured electrolyte processes. I am fucking insane. #amwriting

You're whistling while you work today, and it's almost as if y... More for Scorpio 

On Turkey inflation: We had seen two negative readings last year in Feb and March, as a results base effect had a significant impact

otaku catches his parents fucking 

Supreme Court denies hearing for casino case  #GamingRequired #Casino #TribalGaming

Fleshlight fucking xxl humiliated misty 

“We’re focused on building a community that keeps people safe” – Mark Zuckerberg shares Plans to Prevent Revenge…… 

King of dark fantasy. Summon today. App Store:  Google Play:  #DarkSummoner

Most people are aware that #dreams come at a cost. What's your dream?  

The Art in Your Neighbourhood exhibition features works by photographer Karen Zalamea  

Mmf two cock trick sucking and fucking 

playlist results for fucking teens 

MAN I DON'T RLY GET MAD BUT THIS LADY THINKS I CAN JUST COPY + PASTE HER BLURRY ASS SCREENSHOT AND CALL IT DONE

taking a cruise w/our bffs in august so someone plz help me get into shape so I don't look like a fool in pics next to blake's abs  

i read your piece, and for me, its not all about Cousins, but the way media fall all over her, feting her unquestio… 

2017-03-30 19:05:00.502206 -- latest data from 2017-03-11 19:01:32 - Temperature: 9.2 C - Humidity: 60 % - Wind: 0.0 km/h --

Memphis, May 20 #TheSarahSimmonsBand will be having a show at Mingle Wood Hall. Details coming soon.

A few photos from today's photography practice! #onionflowers #onionseeds #organicurbanrooftop… 

When people say "it doesn't seem like you and Reuel argue" when our arguments are crazy and psycho as hell   oh, we argue alright.

May the #BlueBird of happiness slap u seven types of stupid when ur day story and ur night story don't correspond

Once again, having to leave for work has interrupted my writing flow. #writerproblems #amwriting 

when yer maw leaves ye a note tae say she's fucked wae the postman... 

They might have faith in it but I'll wait to see how Brexit negotiations goes than I'll let you know if I got confi… 

Only will open if they swear to be up to no good and ReaD THe BOOkS PLZ AND WATCH MOVIES we can chill. Plz I luv you 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I'm retiring from social i shared a big part of my life on Facebook and snapchat and Instagram it's time to say goodbye  

Bra I'm fucking done       

#sports What it feels like when your team finally makes it to a Final Four -  

When you're gone excitement is gone too. Don't know how 2 find in my home life anymore. Think that's why it fucks me up so bad when apart.

#nude sex porno pics girl fucking two guys 

trina and that damn retarded ass accent ! #BFV .

I so hope to God my future wife doesn't watch wrestling coz I couldn't stage this to save my goddamn life #Wrestlemania

Sign now: employees must not suffer any consequences for their support of marriage between a man and a woman. 

This is why I can't play with literal fucking morons

Robbing Paula to pay Peter in the boardroom -  new twist on the Peter Principle suggests t...

We just launched missiles at Syria?!?! Are we going to war?! WHAT THE F*CK?!? This idiot has been in office for a couple months and ALREADY?

Join us tonight... March 30th for Open Mic Night. Our host for the evening will be Baylis Laramore! Come out and... 

God I really fucking hate that I still care about you.

Talent and intelligence never yet inoculated anyone against the caprice of the fates. TANNER StarStudioMag TMI

I am! Forgot to mention that yesterday, nails and toes... never thought id like it as much as i do. Thank you 

Launching a missile strike from a country club, Jesus fucking Christ

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

I have the vote when I reveal the vote the person voted out will become the next member of the jury!

Badman monogram classics 1955 chevy street funny car 1/24 model kit/unopened 

Guys, the 68 oral sex position is great for your girl to relax and enjoy the pleasures of oral sex (of receiving it that is!).

Look at this grumpy asshole, just fucking look at him.   #mcm 

Morgana was a great baker, and this song tells of her adventure. Morgana folded dough, then she baked bread, then she went home to love life

Lmao that being sad I called into work today     so I guess my goal should be to actually go to work,

If you believe Trump is an #ass-hole, watch this video:  

So i had a dream that me and Rick Ross were best friends and i was helping him remove his ankle monitor

Interment of John Glenn at Arlington National Cemetery via NASA  

Via:  Kayla Kayden gets nailed by a colleague in her off 

Ordered a super cute customized shirt of Winslow and everything was right.... except for his tongue. Forgot his spots and everything  

Hugs, kisses, goodbyes, and a few tears....mine, not hers!   Prayers for the SCA Jamaica Team! #ForHisGlory… 

Man who bashed cousin with hammer pleads not guilty to murder  

Igor Golovschin - Tchaikovsky (Nutcracker Suite) (CD) . FREE UK P+P ............  

dad put me down in the mistress let's just say the seat, the peddles, and steering wheel all need adjusted to my length    4ft Probs  

 #1W1Lツ  A tree fears an axe even though its handle is made from it.   Matshona Dhliwayo 

LocusBots can now ‘talk’ to each other and collaborate in warehouses  #sitesetup #tech #news

CELTIC WOLVERHAMPTON HIBERNIAN SCOTLAND MATCH WORN SHIRT GRIFFITHS 16/17  

Having diabetes? Don’t walk barefoot. You may hurt urself. Always cover ur feet with socks andamp; slippers.

Wisdom Teeth Pulled At 12 now at 2:41 haven't got my medication and I'm in so much fucking pain dude

#nowplaying #craveradio Driving Around (Providers Remix) [XL] - Mr 305 f./Pitbull, David Rush and Vein 

throwback to the time i didn't have tickets to see blessthefall in milwaukee and beau bokan himself fucking guestlisted me and nick

I used to think a 'friendzone' was bad. Till I realized all people wanna do is have sex reproduce and breakup for not taking right steps

Lending Club founder Renaud Laplanche is back with a new startup and $60 million in funding  

New book argues we're becoming addicted to social media  

I hate a "imma talk to you for about 3 days then leave u wondering where I went" type nigga

Also just so you know I can't see who voted for what in my polls. And if there's a way to check idk how.

My fucking life in a box!   #sushi 

Wtf, why must my cousin prolong all the fucking time. Be pissing me off!!        

Dr. Charles Stanley "When your saved, your saved for Good" when you sin you get chastised but You Are Saved!

 Marijuana In the Midwest? Nebraska Lawmakers Consider Cannabis Legalization… 

What do you do with the people you know that only ask for favors and when you need a favor in return, you get their voice mail?

Jay Panda has bn able 2 create +ve image of BJD in India with his +ve inputs on key legislation benefitting the country #OdishaNeedsJayPanda

'When You See It' Pictures That'll Take You A Long Time To Figure Out`          

dumb ass girl is that what I said?? I said more entitled than most of Black Twitter. 

Andy Milonakis Getting Lured by Creepy Homeless Pedo while streaming on Twitch 

I hate when I like someone and people feel the need to tell me the things they don't like about them. Bitch I like him. He's for me not you 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Se imaginan un festival con Panic at the disco, fall out boy y twenty one pilots? 

There's a limit to how many steps you'll be able to take today. Make sure they're all in the right direction.

Saudi Arabia king 'reaffirmed support' for US military strike, says White House  

hello if u hear screaming that means thats me asking for help AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

Artimes - Extendable Dining Table Table has a tempered glass top that opens with a simple "lift and slide" mechanis… 

4 Ways Entrepreneurs Can Innovate in the Healthcare Space  

This is the day that the Lord has made - rejoice and be glad in it! Back from a glorious week of skiing and I am rejoicing     

#MyExAndWhysValentinePremiere #KCAPinoyStar #LizaSoberano The never ending washing out won't wait

Dont look at me then u troublesome bitch. "why u use, so not you" Lmao bcs i look pale without it and isnt changing girlier better?

Meanwhile, one of the arguments for allowing ISP's to sell your data is "to create more jobs". because fuck logic! 

Social media raises air quality as a major issue for West Midlands residents. They want the Mayor to sort it #WMMayor

if i don't talk enough something is wrong with me, but when i talk too much nobody hardly ever listens.     

#tlot #ocra Haley: No One at the UN ‘Is Talking to Me About the President’s Tweets’ 

Get a second cat so they can play with each other and I can get work done I thought...... #CatsOfTwitter 

i hate it so much, the pressure they put on their young, talented skaters and the shame they put them through when they don't succeed.

Omg does your ass get jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your ass? 

All Good Things have to come to a (temporary) end :-( We have had some good times over the last 6 months, but... 

Reds apparently handed boost in bid to strengthen ahead of potential Champions League campaign  #lfc

I'll fucking kill you if u say a WORDT bitch 

I'll never consider myself average, no matter how many times I'm met with hardship and failure I'm no average bitch

My work ethic this semester is awful, how the hell am I gonna motivate myself to work on my MRP this summer

#bettyboop porn avatar fucking 

Brand New, Amenity-Rich Bel Air Home Hits Market for $75 Million I want hehehe 

Worship music is the most awful music ever known to mankind. Every song is 9 minutes of uninspired repetition.

Mastodon Or Mastodon For Social Media And Sludge Metal Dominance  #forbes 

they fucking cleaned the ice chest and ain't even thought about saving me none

MICHAEL Michael Kors 5456 Womens Red Trench Short Sleeves Casual Dress 16 BHFO  

Just updated a few things in my profile, check it out -  #SocialMedia #Networks

Everyone knows they're called Easter eggs, whether it's on a fucking poster or not.

And this where huge dust clouds exist in space , which scrub each other and even produce giantic lightnings.

Rui Yazawa goes dirty on a tasty dick in POV style 

All I can say for idiots on the Right and the left who are buying this bullshit? HAHAHAHA YOU ARE DUMBER THAN DOGSHIT!!!! #SyriaStrikes

Every now and then, gifted people come together to make the world a better place. And then there is Fox News. 

allkpop: Zico and DEAN confirmed as producers for 'Show Me the Money 6'  

Once I've built a habit with something, I get used to doing it and it's normal to me. When I don't do that habit, I start to feel a bit odd.

Somebody, Push me on a dick, please ! Go to the link-  

Exclusive: Trump's 'big data' consultant to meet Australian government |.. Related Articles:  

You fake af if you don't speak to me in public bc you with a chick , like tf I thought we was just cool. I nvr wanted you like that bro  

Last night in Edmonton was a blurrr... thanks everyone- we had a blast, see you in another 19… 

You're more interested in the act of creation today than you a... More for Gemini 

18 bats .. girl when u turn 18 tay the hell home before aomething bad happen let it play out

D-Wade, Schwarber and Shields were part of Chicago Sports Exchange on Thursday  

Haircut Saturday--Nate said, "I could be doing other things." He's 12 so not sure what that would be. 

Young Money just gets it he is sooooooooooo right...love seeing him in a sprint car 

I NEED TO SLEEP I HAVE A FUCKING NIGHT SHIFT TONIGHT SOMEONE KNOCK ME OUT

Chemical warfare  hmmm well if you really wanna take America out chemically speaking , just lace all the drugs .

In Death... release video for Bow to Your Master #indeath #deathmetal #plastichead #metal…  

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

imagine bumping into katie mcgrath on the street though i'd be fucking shook to my core to even function

I worked 15 hours yesterday, went to Cuba and danced my ass off, slept 4 hours and STILL managed to get up to come work this 13 hour shift  

So I didn't watch the match... Mental health is more imp for me... and knowing that if #Arsenal doesn't lose I have played my part I guess!

This faux wall became the perfect addition to our local care facility, Magnola. An idea came from all the... 

Off they go! On the transporter headed to new homes for the next generation of petrolheads to enjoy. 

Teachers Always Come Across Bizarre Names, But These 14 Are By Far The Weirdest 

751 no go zones? How did they allow it to go that far? We better protect our nation or the same will happen here.I C WAR COMING HERE!

Fe2/echoes spoilers how fuckign dare you make me want to fucking die.

Doggystyle fucking for babe after orallservice 

I have a sneaking feeling that the Yodel driver might have stolen my parcel and is terrible at lying. 

just over the weekend cider mill apt has a resident that got into a fight with other resident and the one... 

Busty BBW Gets Fucked in the Ass 

Thousands of Uber and Lyft Massachusetts drivers fail new background checks  #fox-news

I swear fine chicks be swearing they guy friends don't wanna fuck them , it's not that they don't, they just can't cus they friendzoned

guy with mask on getting fucked 

ASHIT GOOSEBJUMPS AND FEELINGS FUCKING HIOMESTUCK WHY DO YOU DO TH IST O ME

#Political extremes are the same point on Basic Political Spectrum! YOU HAVE BEEN DUPED! 

Shane Watson has been named captain of an injury-hit RCB ahead of their #IPL opener against the Sunrisers Hyderabad.

Went to Kurt Skelly's church this AM and Kenny Baldwin's church this PM. Good to hear the Word on vacation.

if i7 ever lets me in, i could do a fucking scout. :)

We don’t offer thousands of books, because you cannot have time to read that many, but you can always read the... 

Omg. Everything distracts him from his duties. Narcissism. ADHD. OCD. GOLF . Mental instability. Etc etc 

Former US Attorney: Susan Rice Ordered Spy Agencies To Produce ‘Detailed Spreadsheets’ Involving Trump 

"We don't know what's ahead of us but we just let ourselves be lost and be found again." 

Dunsparce available until 06:17:44am (27m 19s). Bite / Dig (91.1% - 15/12/14) 

Stealing, Streaking and Speeding: It's 'Never Have I Ever' ACMs Edition [Watch]  

The bitch mentally ill and y'all out here taking her side because she looks beat up. She got jumped . Y'all do anything to hate a man.

  misstinagoldstein: Sansa Stark Meme ↳ six scenes (1/6) “So how should we punish them?” “Who? Whom?”... 

Always choose long-term professionalism over short-term attention #balancewithDrShola #bewise #lifecoaching

Hey guys, this is a recovery video since i haven't uploaded in at least 5 months. i am sorry but enjoy the... 

Bulgaria : I have good relationship with Romania, because of our situation from the beginning of Russia's annexation to the Balkan regions.

The CIA's 'Operation Condor': Latin America's Dirty War, Death Squads  #operation #condor #CIA #murder #covert

Hillary Clinton Says Russia Used Hacking ‘to Great Effect’ in Her Defeat. and shined light on ugly campaign. She lost. 

Do YOU have a story to tell? Help me tell mine and help heal others in the process! #TuesdayMotivation #MayaAngelou 

Okay, Internet, I am finally able to watch the Big Little Lies finale so, you know, you're on call for my oncoming emotion overload.

I'd say the thing I do the most efficient is thinking. That shit so underrated these days along with common sense:

So game 7 of the 2016 NBA finals got around 36 million views while the LCS final got 43 million unique views. FeelsFantasticMan

I fucking hate alcohol, everything about it, I hate.

i was trying to make myself think i was straight so bad when i was legit tweeting shit like "i'm not gay but i want ___ to sit on my face"

Dear guys who wear berkenstoks or how ever they're spelled, please fucking wear socks. That shits ugly and yo feet nasty. -The world

EXTREME VET SIEGFRIED AND ROY IMMEDIATELY ALSO WHERE THE FUCK IS CARROT TOP FROM 

Financial limitations can drag their negative consequences int... More for Gemini 

White coke whores from the 80's to the 2000's were an aesthetic. The fashion the thinness the money.

Help a child out in Peru! Even a five dollar donation can help change his life. #handsonperu 

Goodmorning. Let music be the guide of your day. Let it relieve you of any stress, anxiety, or fear you may feel.

Do You Want To Be Rich? Overcome These Bad Habits!: Click Here!  

Would you let someone tickle you for $1000? — Mmm no, I HATE being tickled. I'll come up on that ... 

I'm gonna go inda front and dance likea Mitchell/muchwanka babe for my family see how far my life gets

by creating these gay character whose only traits are "gay" you create an offensive vibe that tells the viewer gays dont have other problems

 Trump administration's secret deployment of US troops in #Syria reminiscent of shadow wars in #Cambodia and #Laos

Oand#8217;Reilly Factor Ratings Get A Boost Despite Sexual Harassment Controversy 

OK, indulge me just one more time. It’s already clear how much I love the song “I Can’t Hide” (see earlier tweet with YouTube clip).

Sunday Lunch Bunch: If you'd like to go out to lunch with Covenant members after worship sign up at the cookie table in Heritage Hall.

Nobody but God can fix the Middle East. But I think it was right to destroy planes and runway that were used in the c… 

Dell Inspiron 15.6" i3-5015U 4GB 1TB I3558-5500BLK HDMI BT  

I'm happy that this is the corniest tweet on this account and I didn't tweet it 

this has to be a fucking joke 

Deadline Over: Solar panel design among bids for Trump’s border wall   — RT (RT_com) April…

 :Ted Talks are just ideas, just watched one where the speaker was talking about a GMO solution to tackle diseases caused by other GMOs 

Kevin Owens yelled at Chris Jericho you were never my best friend and then called him trash! Deeeep!! Feeels!!!

I love natural Black Women, regardless of the people who dismiss a BW's natural looks, I love it all 

The dead   are returning from the grave to purchase Coffin Cuties Magazine. The horror Magazine… 

courtney from 13 reasons why is a fucking bitch she can choke

Just FYI for NCAA Squares: Gonzaga was #1 true seed. They are "Home" tonight, UNC is "Away." Board pinned to my profile

I honestly do not know why we still have class, we literally sit there for an 1hr and 15min and do nothing

And they can't get tiebreaker over Charlotte. Could theoretically beat Charlotte, but lose out and miss the playoffs.

Olivia is another god awful cunt. Get her off the fucking tele too. #MadeInChelsea

It must be #aprilfoolsday.......no one is giving me any likes......its right about now that I switch over to YouTube!!!

I have enough information to put my opinion out there. Trump wasn't completely wrong. Syria did need to be... 

but NOPE not me trying my fucking damnest to play this, i kinda wanna play it myself...

why can't all girls just love and respect each other and not talk bad ab one another behind their backs...?

When your master grandpa tells you to cancel your appointment because you need to accompany your grandma. Okay tuo to basi I disown haha  

This is fucking disgusting why is this just now being talked about holy shit 

Before we "PRAY FOR SYRIA" and their fake crisis, can we "PRAY FOR CHICAGO" and their real crisis of murdered children

My soul finds rest in God alone: My salvation comes from Him. Psalms 62:1  #jesus

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

I have been on Twitter for 3 years, 7 months, 13 days (since 18 Aug 2013). And you? 

I'm looking for a permanent master some one to control me tell me to do thing to get me wet and at night make me c… 

#TBT: Post-presenting at AAF #Advention2016 in Lubbock last April. Headed to Fort Worth for #Advention2017 later to… 

Drop uh few bands in your purse,   You gotta show me that you're worth it you gotta show me that you're perfect     

#MLB Wire: Ex-Duke QB Thomas Sirk shares transfer destination for sixth year of eligibility  

To people who glamorize mental illness, please let me know when my anxiety attack starting at 9:45 AM is supposed to be beautiful...

Some ugly bitches on tonights show #comedinewithme

Code academy......................we fucking lit 

Broads growing out their armpit n leg hair for what? That's disgusting bitch

 <-download Cashier and Customer Fucked in Store #fotomemek #bugil #bokep

Interested in a #job in #Westlake, OH? This could be a great fit:  #Hospitality #Hiring 

Fukn bitch. Get the fuck away from my mayonnaise!!!

I want solitude. I want to be isolated. I want fucking lonliness.  

Which Forex pair and time frame is best to trade" is the frequently asked question and I want do give you the ANSWE… 

When I say I didnt eat yesterday I mean all I ate was 3 pieces of pizza, a side of fries and a bowl of spaghetti but for me that is nothing.

Enter to win a trip to Vegas including flights for two, a luxury hotel, and more! 

Sales Representatives at Literamed Publications Nigeria Limited – Lagos Mainland 

met a v interesting guy on the train and witnessed 2 fights, one which involved 15 police cars n the other stopped the train for 20 minutes?

This #job might be a great fit for you: Restaurant Team Member -  #Restaurant #Olathe, KS… 

I found this ugly ass tattoo that I want but I can't find it again  

Liz Arnold is concerned about the bleaching of coral reefs caused by global warming. she is inspired by the ocean... 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

We just enjoy raising honey bees and appreciate the work, work, work all day do for us... #raisingbeesforhoney 

Misconceptions that Kill- Part 2 "Feral cats are unhealthy and spread diseases to owned cats." 

Worst shit ever is when you way out of town and get horny.

Speed-reading #apps: can you really read a novel in your lunch hour?  #literacy #technology

791 words on one project and some substantial outlining on another project. Also really good chai. #amwriting #AprWritingChallenge

The line means Canada commands true love in all its "sons", not that true love is within the command of all its sons.

US #carbon #emissions can and will decrease and renewables will rise despite Trump's ex order. #Companies and… 

Maybe it was Fabregas, but he was the face of the evolution of football, when decision making, creativity and technique is the most imp.

i was keeping in touch.. u fucked up, now i'm outta reach

Work resumes on Vantage/Pfenning Signalization Project May 1 Work is scheduled to resume on Monday, May 1st, and... 

Tempted to pick Claymore up again as I had to ditch my physicals due to bulk. This is very dangerous

No one is "threatening to go to war" with Spain except hyperbolic twitter accounts. 

Y'all worried about pineapples on pizza when people are putting fucking PEEPS on them? 

Striving to earn your keep makes you feel good about yourself ... More for Aries 

Because everyone is willing to accept the status quo - fear of consequences or fear of the unknown?!? #DTBYStillTheOne

Nope. Been telling people to expect it for weeks. Ultimate shiny object. Wouldn't even be surprised if they staged… 

Did you know... This place is called "The Valley of the End." It's the perfect stage. Right... Naruto? [Sasuke]

IPL_2017 3rd Match KKR v GL GL 175/3 Overs 19.3 D Karthik 43* S Raina 64* - B0ult 1lb-1-4--- - PrinCe_idreeS....*

Isaiah 43:14-25 --- The Lord's promise of victory. I will make a pathway through the wilderness,… 

Okay why is yoon talking about mino's and hoon's tattoos??? How is this relevant to their comeback???

Why does this rile up you people though? Not like she mentioned any names or something... 

Watching American Crime Story: The People v. O.J. Simpson is so annoying after having watched O.J.: Made in America

The only difference between then and us is where we happened to be born. The paranoia about these people is heartbr… 

We did a lot of housework today, so I'm unwinding with a little self-care tonight. First up, a… 

Happy #NationalWalkingDay! To celebrate, get up and #movemore, whether it's taking the stairs or jogging outside. M… 

The right word may be effectiv;, but no word was ever as offective as a rightly timed pause. Mark Twain

#UKmanufacturing maintains solid growth at the end of Q1 as production output and new orders continue to grow. #PMI 

hmmm Sometimes those who don't socialize much aren't actually anti-social, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people

When Drake is performing is your region, YOU FUCKING TAKE TIME OFF AND GO.

Nude secretaries like to get fucked at the office! 

¤» New Betsey Johnson Luv Betsey Dome fuschia black Crossbody handBag purse  

Packed house tonight at Hope Chamber of Commerce Banquet. Talking govt reform w/ local business and community leaders. 

Varner makes a rich, plump style of Chardonnay with great balance. For the classic, "buttery" Chardonnay lover; try… 

(Wave) SWELL: 4.6 ft at 12.9 s SW / WIND WAVE: 0.7 ft at 3.4 s SSE / WVHT: 4.6 ft / APD: 9.7 s / MWD: 235° / 1:00p PDT

Next-gen RAM will be twice as fast ... whenever it arrives  PC gamers and video professiona… 

Nah tell bitches they ugly 

Sir, our salary with sahara is pending from 2.5 years, request your intervention to resolve, lacks of employees r s… 

Ramnavami marks the birth of Lord Ram. Worshippers conduct Havana in his honour. We at Omkarmic have all the Puja… 

#nowplaying on Voice FM Can't Stop The Feeling! (Original Song From Dreamworks Animation's "Trolls") - Justin Ti...

I'm not from this era where we pull out our phones for every fucking thing

Every video I've been looking at I questioned if me, stacey and Kelsi were black out but I should already know that answer  

Did the Drake Come in yet — You fucking know it bro 

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive Profile: Those who follow their dreams!  #TreCru 

Social activities may be on the calendar today, but you aren't... More for Virgo 

i KNEW he was gonna say something about those fucking pants

You're willingness to share and lift others will be paid off. In fact, you are reaping it. MAYMAY MegMagazineSoon

#Funny, but women are going too far with injections of filler and #botox. I have #botox injected into my scalp/head… 

Q2a: Media has no other choice but to reach their user demo the way they want to be reached. #smsportschat 

I went to plug my phone into the speakers but I quickly realized I have an iPhone 7 so that's not gonna happen  

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of those Spooky guys at Thriller Bark!  #TreCru 

I want to know why do you all tweeter me when none of you all likes me execptly the Arabia Muslims they hates.me and I know all the rest of

i havent listened to 1D in months, so now im having a mini 1D sound trip and likeeeeeeeeee… im getting emo af

when your art teacher asks for proof of back problems and you're wondering if you even have something that physically states what's wrong

Fucking      . Is it weird I've been jerking off to this for days now?!     

Look At The Sails Pavilion NOW!! San Diego Convention Center Renovations Underway - Photo Gallery Of Sails... 

Wag magvote s poll but please do like or react to maywards pic and article common MAYWARD RulesInKCCGensan 

Today I bought half a sandwich from this market I frequent, and there was 12 slices of jalapeños on it..... what the fuck  

"I loved the book  I am a big fan of Dan Brown Now, Thanks to Tardka Shardka for the recommendation and letting... 

She tell me how she sick of dude I tell her how my bitch tripping    

oh hell no his forehead just made me mad 

Lin-Manuel Miranda and Sarah Michelle Gellar are the perfect embodiment of best internet friends 

The goods come fast, then we sale them quick... . . . . #epsilon #vinyl #columbia #records… 

Why the fuck are they using Mar-A-Lago like it's a makeshift WH?! WTF?! 

i don't wanna kill myself // i don't wanna kill my fun // i just wanna clean my mind // i just wanna - just more no… 

#Lent Again. Time to Cut the Ties. Put on Christ! RT #Freedom!  #ThursdayThoughts #pray… 

Also whenever I fw someone new they stay knowing someone I used to fw and than it's just awkward , why is the community so small

Second time at the sushi bar. It was even better the before! Oh and I got a job there too 

sick of cunts dashboarding when i fucking hit, never when anyone else does just me

Democracy: Where any two idiots outvote a genius #KenyanPolitics

#throwback to when i was single and ready to mingle eating pringles in the jungle HAHAHAH also i dont work out anym… 

American Athletic Conference agrees to add Wichita State in time for 2017-18 

In case you didn't know Baby I'm crazy bout you And I would be lying if I said That I could live this life without you

Her Ass is For Fucking, Pussy For Cumming 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

My non wrestling fan friend just walked past Balor making his entrance, stopped and said "I need to watch his guy." Yep.

New AMD Driver Adds Support for Spacewarp and Reprojection to More Radeon GPUs  #VR #MR #AR… 

Petite GF Fucked during Painting 

Every event in our life is neutral UNTIL we have. THOUGHT about it. When you master the art of… 

Just got pulled over at airport security for being too Saget (just kidding I had too much tooth paste)

High Tides: 09:22 (8.20m), 21:58 (8.34m). Low Tides: 03:39 (2.53m), 16:19 (1.84m). 

Y'all I am about to play my first sold out show. Can't believe it. City Winery here we go!!… 

Are you fucking kidding me     

Nothing says ‘#vacation’ quite like fun on the water. Keep a respectful distance from marine life to avoid injuries… 

I’m having such a pathetic lunch today-broccoliandboiled eggs. After what I did to Luvuyo’s nutella yesterday, I deserve all the suffering.

If u don't take your socks off when u fucking a girl then it's not cheating

Where's the fucking stop button? 

I now have gotten asked by schools in Minnesota and Pennsylvania about interviewing for next year.  

Happy Birthday Sista!!!! I love you so much! You always have my back when I need you ALWAYS!!… 

When your pace group comes through 5 seconds slow and you just know how coach is gonna react 

You know when a kid falls on their scooter and starts crying? When I feel hurt I want to cry too but I try not to because it's embarrassing.

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

DJ is the definitely the happiest. His heart is bursting into joy and contentment.  

If I point out the Secretary of Energy (Rick Perry) was a statutory member of the NSC that Trump removed w/ CJCS and… 

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Nosipho Shangase presenting on pregnancy prevention and vocational needs of South African AYA. #NCUR2017 

The supernatural horror-creeper Bethany is now available on VOD so be sure you give it a watch.… 

Pevensey Town Trust: Doggedly determined to undermine the efforts of those striving to re- establish a tearoom… 

For you see,the world is governed by very different personages from what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes -Benjamin Dis

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

SO WHAT DOES TRUMP DO AFTER HE ATTACKS THE SYRIAN REGIME AND ASSAD KILLS MORE SYRIANS. OR RUSSIA BOMBS THE SYRIANS.

Harley-Davidson Rejects Military Wife’s Late Check, Sends Her Tear-Jerking Letter Instead 

The phrase literally says "mess with the bull, you'll get the horns." How did he not see this coming? 

How An Old City-Based Startup is Helping Under Armour Get Results - NBC 10 Philadelphia 

Check out The Fate of the Furious Screening from WGN TV - I just entered here! 

Creative possibilities are blossoming all around you today. Bu... More for Virgo 

Me two years ago: I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT PRONOUNS Me today: I do my best to get them right but I mess up a lot I'm sorry ;;

Very good Quora answers. I was very demoralized by the Bay Area's cost of living, unfriendliness, tech monoculture, inequality, and burnout.

Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh’s Wedding Date Has Finally Been Announced! 

This is fucking pathetic. I've never seen officials wanna decide a game so bad. Unacceptable. #NationalChampionship

#Delays Following an earlier incident at Chambers St, [A] and [C] train service has resumed with delays.

#InspireATweepIn3Words Fuck how many followers  the next MF got, how many followers will follow you in reality

You're looking forward to taking a break from the serious side... More for Aquarius 

I dont want to stay young forever b’coz if I do, I won’t be having my best dream which is to grow old with you. #DTBYIsItReal

I'm about to see my best friend for the first time since like November even though we go to the same college and are 10mins from each other

I feel like an ugly ass muhfucker and you're watching disney channel !1! 

also: reading all the reviews of 80$ phones by like fuckin iphone 7 owners who are extremely vicious that the phone cant scratch their ass

Can you tell the mouse from the musician? Is This a Song Lyric or a Line From a Disney Movie? | 97.3 KISSFM Can yo…… 

A lot of KKK, Monkey and N***** references from "non #Racist" #Bluehand group. #BluehandLies, #BluehandFamily 

finds the perfect holiday trip package... checks TandCs .. only during the month of aug and your last ever uni class doesnt end till aug 27   

"And there's so much That I can't explain Can you feel through my skin to me? Can you feel through my skin?"

Nearly 3 hours wasted trying to get Adobe CC app to update and still no progress. Someone is going to get a verbal bollocking tomorrow

women in pantyhose fucking with 

#girls get fucked by trannys nudeist girls wearing flip flops 

Twitter book: All a Twitter: A Personal and Professional Guide to... byTee Morris (PB - July 16, 2009)  #twitter

Thank you #P31OBS Twitter Team and all of our #P31OBSers! Love y'all - so excited to do this #listenloverepeat OBS… 

Newsflash: Ndume’s Suspension: Void Disciplinary action, Northern Politicians pleaded with Nigerian Senate Leaders 

fucking ugly hoe i know ya secrets 

179 amazing followers in the last week and there will be more tomorrow. Growing with 

Introducing Marketing Mix Model Partners: Helping brands better understand the impact of their marketing  #Analytics

*neil tyson voice* if you're scientifically engaged, it would be irresponsible for you to suggest we are alone in the universe.. also pizza

BRETT FAVRE-ANTONIO FREEMAN 1999 Score "Great Combos-Showcase" #372 #1544/1989  

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

#man and women fucking jennifer nicole freeman sex tap 

when i know earth-shattering tea but i have to wait until a friend spills it cause it's their tea to spill 

daddy spanked me then fucked me 

im planning on actually going back at roleplaying again i already told myself i'd roleplay any of the bangtan member and be part of pkrp but

And btw after the garbage match we had at WrestleMania with that #SDLive womens match.. I'm not watching Smackdown

Let's just say yesterday's practice was...MUDDY!   #softball #obstaclecourse 

It was so hard to keep this a secret from you, but I knew it would be worth it so happy I was able to help  … 

Two NYC-based artists designed minimalist sneakers—their secret is lots of stitching 

Flights to Environmental global warming summit cause even more pollution but Sturgeon doesn't do video-conferencing… 

4/6/2017 03:30 AM: No Precip. Temp: 55 Pressure: 29.539 Winds: 6.0 Rain: 0.000 #weather #WeatherDisplay #WNCweather

Markets rally on #Trump victory once again proving experts know nothing and are living in bubble 

on US sovereignity. The US has also signed over a 100 bi-lateral treaties with indv. states that say they will never support a US citizen

RMFW Colorado Gold Contest for unpubbed writers opens 4/1. Final judges: editors and agents 

Of course Kolten Wong fucked that up. Worthless POS.

Because if you're planning a terror attack and police found explosives being made 

"Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go." - T.S. Eliot #MAYWARDForMcDonalds

Cyclone #Ernie NW of #Australia with a well-defined 10-nm eye, soon to be a Category 4 storm, but thankfully not af… 

when youre supposed to lunch together with your friend in free periods but they ditch you last minute bc they want to work out instead :))

The fact that someone always has my fucking lighter pisses me tf off

Steamy blond hottie gets fucked hardcore 

Don't worry Brad we'll wake you up when we commence the waketh in T minus 9 hours     #SLA2017 #PHrozenParadICE 

that all being said i do think they have the potential to be the next great big group in kpop. i don't think it's a reach to say that

(March 2015) Brock: You want my signature? Vinnie Mac: Yes Brock: I wrestle three minutes at Mania 33 Vinnie Mac: Well– Brock: THREE MINUTES

And he records shit stuff!! It's so annoying while you watching then boooom, baroka fc!

Hate when I want to reply to a dumbass tweet and don't because I know I get nothing out of it

Buying refreshments. If I spend 5 or 10k on u on a first date because u want me to, chances that you might never here from me again...

I cant explain the feeling I when I come home and see my piano, it's the only thing that dosen't stress me out.

Looking for a Volunteer Cocktail Maker for an Exciting Event taking place this August in #Peterborough     

Lauren was discussing a minging dick pic she received and for talking sake I was like "cant be that bad. send it" n fuck me I wish i hadn't

You probably heard it already but we run campaigns from some of the biggest fashion, travel and lifestyle... 

#NoMoreQueues at #TollGates by using Sollet’s IDFC #FasTags In today’s fast paced world, Sollet can help people... 

This is so fucking bullshit 

Tried something new! My Luke Evans version of Sinestro! Would love for him to join the DC Extended Universe! 

Crown Trifari Earrings - Comet Rhinestones - Pat Pend Clip Ons - Book Piece..  #vintage… 

#FindAmelia is a 7 month old Husky x Labrador, missing since 15/03/17 From Birmingham, B9. Now presumed stolen 

LaToya Cantrell: I'm running for mayor of New Orleans  

I bought this last Friday, what's the freaking hold up? I just want my damn sunglasses.   ‍ 

Bustawrapps are head wraps that cover the ears and forehead during the cold.  

When your last name is Szpak and everyone feels the need to make some correlation to a series of science fiction fi… 

US Department of Energy Science Graduate Student Research Program Now Accepting Applications 

I tell real life situations I've encountered and ppl legit are speechless most of the time. That's not a good sign...at least I make ppl laugh

They can buy my search history if they want but I don't know what they're going to do with "what's the biggest predator in Lake Michigan?"

The Daily FAIL: 25 Mildly Inappropriate Memes For a Terrific Tuesday  

How would you guys feel about an Obi-Wan standalone film about him between the end of episode 3 and beginning of episode 4?

you forgot Drake Davis idiots 

#PictureAWorldWhere Apes have taken over the planet and ride around on horses all the while enslaving the humans.........oh wait...

over spring break I have exactly 1 day without any kind of plans, but it's going to be dedicated to essay writing. so, life sucks.

JUSTIN BIEBER IS A FUCKING LEGEND. 

Backing up Ofc. Hensel on a traffic stop. #yourdecaturpolice #tweetalong #twtpol 

Redhead Stipped then throat fucked 

1/2 discussion session coming up for sex positive groups on policy building and consent violation reports #yeg #consent

#Wrestlemania33 so happy for what happened to Stephanie. Her comeuppance has been a very long time Coming

Stoke City 1 Liverpool 2: Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino keep top-four hopes alive  #LFC

I hate being the only one In​. The house up I feel like i need to leave cuz I ain't going to sleep in Time soon

Loot Crate Exclusive May 2016 Marvel Avengers Age of Ultron The Hulk Q Fig QMX 

Op-Ed: Emerging US Africa Policy focuses on security issues - Daily Maverick 

12/20GA 8 Round Shotgun Ammo Buttstock Holder for Right and Left Shooters Black  

truly it was both like i was attracted to him immediately but his personality sealed the deal. hes literally my ide… 

The last day of Capstones did not disappoint! Sad to see another year of projects behind us, but so proud of all th… 

Nope the FeesMustFall march to Parlimet last year was pretty much the same if not more ey 

It's not about 1st Nations. It's about the well-to-do intentions of Christians in the shadow of a ppls despair. 

#PeytonManning #NFL Peyton Manning Colts Pro Line Authentic Autograph Full Size Helmet Mask JSA… 

Did you know #contacts for #astigmatism have little alignment markers for your #doctor to verify the fit? #optometry 

Manual sous vide of duck breast with herb polenta, petit cauliflower steaks and sauteed… 

When you wear navy blue and red to work cause your team's in the National Championship #UnitedWeZag #FearTheBeard

You cant even understand half the people that are part of our play     this is gon be a wreck lowkey   

im not one of those birth control guys who thinks condoms or IEDs are "abortions" but once the cells are formed its a baby, period.

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

a guy gets fucked in the shower 

You'd think I'd get tired of playing in the Sonic Boom universe. But it didn't stop me from ordering Sonic Boom Mon… 

...powers to (admittedly occasionally) make legislation without the supposedly newly sovereign UK Parliament having a role #TakeBackWhat?

My friends will always be my weakness lol . Say what you want to me, hurt me however you chose but don't everrr try to do that to my friends

I don't know why I always feel like I'm fucking up.. can I just crawl under a rock

Grand Forks-born James Rosenquist, internationally renowned artist, dies at 83  

Oh no.. the summer freckles are coming. Send help- My face is going to look permanently half dirty until winter again

#girl no arms no legs getting fucked vip sex boy and girls 

She was known for her extreme secrecy. For example, none of the Tenenbaums knew she was a smoker, which she'd been since the age of twelve.

Collegium Pharmaceutical Inc COLL Pharmaceuticals Healthcare Deals and Alliances Profile Updated 23022017 Price... 

Where have all the female travel writers gone? | Sara Wheeler  

MissTerrace Hey Kayleigh, sorry to hear this - can you DM us your order number, email address and date of birth to look into for you

I don't care how long this damn show has been. You Orlando Mother Fuckers should be all out for Taker in this match damnit #Wrestlemania

nasty shemales masturbating 

Need to place an order before Monday? Head over to our online store... #designedtobebetter  

Love me   some Shiva!!   Negan  looks startled. Kingdom and Hilltop shine.    Trash people: You stink. Glad Rick ke… 

tbh I can never tell if the underclassmen boys are sincerely complimenting me or just joking about my appearance

"love u more" wtf the guy beat his (now) ex gf and now he was caught driving drunk, do you understand that he could… 

getting ready to talk #diyacademicarchiving at #britsoc17 on #clayoquotlives and #omeka actually looking forward to it!

I don't even got the bag and niggas and bitchs still hate

thought this was going to be some oui oui baguette delight but this crème d'orange shit nasty af

addie's bout to be annoying as hell on twitter today 

What a fucking joke. GTFO from our club you cunts. 

I won at Sydney stage with 164 points! Challenge me now![ #Bowling_King 

Specialty Styles Travel Jewelry Case - Jewelry Organizer With 2 Pouches - Quality Compact Folding.. 

Yesterday was national beer day.. So I think it's only right that we dedicate this weekend completely to beer. Happy national beerweekend  

The AIDA(Awareness Interest Decide Act) mantra from the sales people definitely changed to DDD (Discover Discuss Decide) mantra.

would really like to go back to Disneyland now please and thank you. who's with me?    … 

They gave me the worst teammates in the fucking world

Thank you to Downes Construction and Manaforte Brothers, Inc. for sponsoring Tuesday's Bus tour! #BusyBee #CBC0417 

Smart Risk Taking for Real Estate Investors #realestate #investor #success #learntoearn 

Northern exposure: NASA documents ice loss in the Arctic.. Related Articles: 

lmaooo OTE TV commentator absolutely slating Mike Dean. "In my opinion, the worst referee in the league...etc."

Sorry! Public PC keys stick! There will always be someone happy to see the other tribe DIE so they make more money. Commerce HELPS ALL.

Come and tell us what your perfect practice build would look like and you could win a kindle! Stand 917 #BSAVA Con… 

Nasty cougar watches two teens fuck 

Latest WikiLeaks dump exposes CIA methods to mask malware  #PyntaxINC #SahilSharma

If you wanna make the playoffs then maybe...... Play like you wanna fucking make the playoffs. 

That moment where it turns out that was the last chapter but you weren't ready for the end. That. Paper books don't do this to you... That.

Always do your best and you will find that you never need to compare yourself to others. - Rich Simmonds

Mika gets her mouth stretched by James Brossmans sturdy dick after backdoor sex 

There are lots of things to do around the house and you can't ... More for Pisces 

Everything you say is bullshit And everything you do is so sick

Also not a great time to date or engage in new romantic relationships. Hold your itch for two more weeks and then you can go ham

MAKE THAT FUCKING JUMP JEFF YOU CAN FUCKING DO IT #WrestleMania

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

It's Election Day in Rock Island County! You can find the full list of candidates and polling places here: 

Hate it when people say stop the world I'm getting off. No, you'll get yourself buckled in, shut the fuck up and get on with it!   

Man with gun seen near Appleton and Priory primary schools in Hull | Hull Daily Mail 

Dirty fat granny toying with her snatch 

#anxiety - Adults with migraines have triple the prevalence of generalized ... - Science Daily 

1 year to go: Gold Coast counts down to Commonwealth Games  

Why is this my crazy ass    

Remember having this shirt as a kid. Loved it then and still love it now. A classic kit! 

Well, we know it's going round and round pretty much the same orbit, likely testing new sensor technologies 

Bicycle sandals....they may look dorky but they are a necessity for biking in Florida. I wish… 

Fucking hell. It is the governing body's responsibility to intervene in this situation. 

#Entertainment The Teenage Brain: A Teacher’s Guide to Adolescent Egocentrism  #Lfnin

so apparently every senior who ditched gets an extended detention    yall got me fucked all types of up   

Got an impressive service to promote in #Edmondbyers? Let us help you get it noticed #Healthcare… 

When will there be accountability for the billions in tax dollars sent to O#shovelready's #roadsandbridges projects? #I85BridgeCollapse #ATL

Trending cases updated with 7th Circuit COA decision regarding 1964 Civil Rights Act covering LGBT workers  #Lawyers

He’s Body-Shaming Honey Boo Boo?! Mama June Says Fans Will Be ‘Shocked’ by the ‘Real’ Sugar Bear  #celebrity #gossip

Judge Rules Trump May Have Incited Violence via Political Wire - A federal judge in Kentucky is ... 

yep. I'm totally the left side. I just believe in taking care of business now and always being… 

[  ] Android Wear 2.0 rollout has been delayed because Google found a bug 

I'm a grown ass man I fuckn hate being told what to do

Well done the Aztec Venue for offering something different this evening! Great Mexican food food - thank you! 

On my way to one funeral I find out I need to attend another one meanwhile y'all out here still doing stupid shit.

For those who are against action in Syria watch this news clip, if you still feel the same way afterwards then you… 

Checking out the One Nation Under Ink tattoo convention today in Shelton, Wa! Dress from the… 

[170408] 5th ;; Thank you you all for coming into my life   Too old for long cheesy dedis, love you all till I can… 

So all that I'm asking Is that you handle me with caution 'Cause I don't give myself often But I guess I'll try today

Sir Michael Caine says ageism in Hollywood is getting better  

If we ever move to Texas and I have another boy, id probably wna name him Dallas. #Dallas #Austin #Texas

So today at work I asked a guy what he wanted to drink and he said "I'll take a cock" instead of coke   

When she tells you that her ass is the fucking bomb!!      

Mom just have me a heart attack after she said she passed my car driving up the street and it wasn't me in it  

One for my brutalist friends. Love the chunky practicality about it #brutalist #concrete… 

Why do people only see the bad in what others do? Are they trying to make themselves feel better? Or are they just that close-minded?

fearlessly the idiot faced the crowd 

Another food deal saver! 52% off! Now only £29.00!  #tastebud 

 "He /chris steele ex-MI6/ really thought what he had would sway the election." so who was trying to fix US elex??

Two college hunks with tattoos are sucking and fucking 

Bad news is natural light washes me right out now- need to fill brows and lips when I have the tools 

pin-up fucking #2 on 1 sex video 

SKYBET-£10 FREE BET NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED,absolutely no catch get a £10 FREE no-deposit required bet JOIN HERE… 

Congratulations, Luke Patranella, Koennecke Elementary Teacher of the Year! We're #MatadorProud of you!… 

Putin's illiberal stagnation in Russia offers up a valuable lesson | Joseph Stiglitz 

Fire Senator Castro. Or at least yell at her with your free speech for being stupid. But then again she's going t… 

who are trying to assassinate the whistleblowers and truth seekers and honest people are either non-human entities or they are

Told my dawg if we ever started together we would end it together no matter what we the… 

eloquentlyerotic: It’s not St Patty’s Day anymore but sure you can still pinch me… 

I'm pretty annoyed that my professor sent her daughter to teach class today. For the second time this semester  

What's Macking!!! Yaw got Lil bro fucked up!    they can't fuck with u bro!       

DMX can rap over a trap beat if he wants to, I don't see what's the problem. The beat don't matter, it's really wha… 

i'm sorry but can't no bitch ever say i'm ugly   ‍

cuz i just talked to my dad for like an hour about a bunch of stuff and one thing was that ADHD means memory problems and his mind was blown

A male cat was lost on 27/03/2017 in Myross, Strand Road, #Dublin  #lpie 

I have 82 new followers from Ivory Coast, Burkina Faso, Senegal, and more last week. See  

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

Slut Nasty Takes It In The Ass And Swallows 

"This Woman Took Photos Of Her Her Husbandless Honeymoon, And We Can't Stop Laughing! 

7Colors Change Nightlight XMas Acrylic Crystal Christmas Tree/Snowman Nightlight  

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

'I'm sorry': Owner of #drone seized by RCMP for flying near ST...  #drones #dronefans #uav 

Chelsea fans walking out from the stadium, fucking disgrace.

Free speech set to become a thing of the Past when #Millennials rule. #politics #freedom 

DeWalt DW0851 5 Spot Line Combination Laser 606218 F03  

Do you want to exercise your #GreenThumb but you don't have much space? These small shrubs are the solution! 

Happy birthday to my bestfriend, I hope you have a wonderful day and that all your wishes come true. Much love homi… 

I slept until my alarm went off! A full 8 hours and 8 minutes with just 4min of restlessness! Woohoo!  Now: how to replicate?  

Excuse me as I go make love to this card board box #personacosplay #persona #takeyourheart 

Joey and Robin Flip-Fuck: Robin Moore makes his gay porn debut in this scene, and who better… 

Ya ever just wanna fucking punch someone 34 times in the chest then say sorry andgo get a slurpee w them?  

Sleeping in aircond makes me sick and I'm still sweat like hell

After women, flowers are the most lovely thing God has given the world - Christian Dior 

You've got that smile that only heaven can make I'll pray to god everyday that you keep that smile 

The never tell you that when you're editing, you may 1 day have to find out if a person could suck out bee venom w/ their mouth. #amediting

Every side of San Antonio bad nigga she banging by the dominions   

Is there anything more emblematic of the thin veil of civilization covering chaos than an over-crowded airport? Ok maybe a Trump rally

2008 Harley-Davidson Touring 2008 Harley Davidson Street Glide  

Dow's gains led almost entirely by stock rally in Caterpillar, United Tech, Boeing: The Dow.. #marketwatch #news 

AmerGastroAssn: CGH Associate Editor Dr. Jonathan M. Buscaglia provides summaries of 3 must-read articles in the A… 

Sitting here at work and decided to call Quela and had her ass on speaker and she gonna answer "talk dirty to me" ppl was looking like uh   

Contreras-PH-Baez-Schwarber-Bryant-Rizzo. If we're going to get back in this, that's a strong 6 to do it

Lara Tranny getting fucked bareback by Nabil 

Biggie this one you are doing so, don't go and give the money to the wrong person Ooooooooi, o dey watch u sha! #BBnaija

It's not often you see Dwight, Simon, and Negan together. Is the guy who deals with the Kingdom also here? #TheWalkingDead #TWD

SUNEQ Updated: 04-07-2017 $SUNEQ Last Trade: 4/7/2017 4:03:00 PM Last 0.061 -0.003 -4.70% Open 0.064 Prev 

PM Update: Showers increasingly likely late tonight ahead of a stormy Thursday  #ahead #news #storm

Darian continues to boldly pursue him, even going so far as to undress in his view while he is hiding in her closet.

This reminds me of when that lesbian came to my job and got mad and called me "homophobic" because I wouldn't give her my number     

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

#BBNaija my fada my fada anybody wey de conspire against me one way or anoda oya scatter dem lyk Tboss and debie.oya prayyyy    #TeamBisola

Business Development - Accidental insurance cover for drones business services  #drones #insurance #business

When you are super excited about #Easter and your talented receptionist Ella draws a cute bunny! Now we just need s… 

"In reality there is perhaps no one of our natural Passions so hard to subdue as Pride. Disguise it, struggle... 

 Why are turn based games so fucking retarded?>god of king of demons of death of evil of darkness want to destroy …

Putin should call Trump and tell him that if Syria loses its Air Force then Israel will lose theirs #NoMoreJewishWars

I had another seizure today and turned blue but my grandpa revived me. I'm so blessed that I'm still here, but now I just want answers.

OK so when the siren passed by the jensens house i thought clay or justin was in trouble i NEVER expected it to be alex im crying

fucked every hole like I hated it 

I'll be in Nice in a week. If you're around hit me up. If you have any advice as to where to eat and things alike, also let me know.

Layy ugly ass tried to hit me with a joke but why was it so corny. She's like I don't think I wanna be your friend anymore   

What drives #informationtechnologies? By ezinearticles #IT #softwaredevelopment #itoutsource 

I don't know why but this badass Irene reminds me of this kind of Baek Seol-A    I really don't know why    My pret… 

Creative possibilities are blossoming all around you today. Bu... More for Virgo 

jaydin let me play witch mercy on his account and you have no idea how beautiful that skin is i'm dead and upset i don't have it

Huge difference between filling a image and actually living that life and really putting on that image

8) Stone Cold vs Bret Hart - Austin isn't even close to being a submission wrestler, but fucking hell, what a display that was

#pennsylvania fucked brunettes #groningen #longhair lick 

which seems more than enough to keep you occupied? He tries too hard and then pushes people away. Not that im happy with both of them (c)

there is a little family of birds outside my room, although it is very similar to babies crying at night, it is so heartwarming!!

15 West African Countries To Join The Convention On Cybercrime  

I've got a good grip on the ropes we tied to keep us together, but those scissors your holdin sure look sharp

"it was believed that all caves were the same temperature, so thermometers were calibrated in caves" 

Best of NHL: Senators clinch playoff berth with shootout win over Bruins  #FlyersTalk

Skinny Girl Worked Her Butt To Look Like Kim Kardashian. Now She Looks Better 

I hate how Jay-Z is handling the Kalief Browder thing. Dude is shitty for that. Beyoncé shitty too for what she's done also

AMP for WordPress – A Free Webinar from WP Engine and Yoast SEO  #WordPress

cbssports​.com >> With Tony Romo retiring, here are the QB options for the Texans, Broncos 

Just ordered my first thing online off Argos (moving boxes) and they're coming Mon  So that'll be like a xmas for me   Now gonna sort pc out.

Goodnight everyone. School in the morning, come home, read, get some assignments done and sleep repeat.

Was I dreaming or is corrupt cop boss Phalane holding a parade for Zuma bum boys Gigaba and Mbalula? Since when does Min Of Fin get a parade?

B-29 Shooting Target Official NRA Police Silhouette 50 Count  

I'm a strong independent woman but if you're a man in an elevator with me you better be letting me out that bitch first

I don't hit girls but I'd fucking knock this bitch out if I caught her doing that to my kid   

I had so much experience these past 4 days. Thank you to Abg Lekir, Abg Rezza, Angah and Anep… 

AGHHHHHHHH the fucking song's up but im waiting on a name from mus

Do not make someone else a priority when they only make you an option. Aztions ,how real priorities.

Coconut water is really hydrating and high in potassium..which means it helps with after work-out muscle cramps.

Track curated news and tweets for multiple tickers- Top Commodities  $Gold $Silver $Crude

The Next News Network - BREAKING: SOURCE OF LEAK EXPOSED, IMMEDIATE RESIGNATION ANNOUNCED 

Thoroughly enjoyed that. Lots of fun, visually ravishing and one of those rare movies I came out of wanting a sequel. #GhostInTheShell

I went to pick shania up after my night shift and it took me nearly two hours to get her home because she kept stopping to talk to lampposts

Henry Cavill Gushes About His Favorite Traveling Companion — His Dog  

Fascinating. "How Uber Uses Psychological Tricks to Push Its Drivers’ Buttons" 

One thing that is not going well with moving is getting rid of my fucking car.

Top story: Ubuntu on Twitter: "‘Open-source software could be the next key phas…  see more 

I got my eyebrows done today and I loveeeee how they came out :'((( ugh I'm so happy when my brows r done

It's always a ugly bitch or a fat bitch that got to add their 2 cents

They had no idea. Even to some time apparently for her to admit it to herself. 

I have basically just deleted every personal file and cleared the program folders out. There's only 16gb free now... how...

#bughead "He finds a comfort and a resonance with another person who’s going through a lot of trauma” Betty and Jughead! <3

We're ready to make your most delicious pizzetta creations Mindful!  #ClickCreateWin… 

Fucking hell another awful attempt. Embarrassing marking from Barca.

I don't get women competing with other women and I certainly don't get older women competing with younger women Lame AF

This fanfic has my feelings in shambles. This multiverse theory is fucking me over. I can't believe.

With A Little Luck, Trump And His Cronies Will Disrupt Their Own Plans #trumpbudget #russiagate #TrumpcareFail 

Persia Dream Fucking Milf by TROC 

#NBA Wire: Maker's Mark: Thon scores career-high 23 pts - Thon Maker | MLW  

Can't get enough ombré! Butterfly Ombré Top || $44. Grab yours online our stop and shop at our… 

Diaspora based Zimbabwean man dressed in ladies underwear, photo shocks home town 

When a celebrity retweets someone I always go to that person's account and see if they tweeted about it afterward. I live a fulfilling life.

"Berkeley Invites Ann Coulter To Discuss Illegal Immigration" SERIOUSLY? TELL THEM TO POUND SAND. 

Ew why tf is Uriah Justus ugly racist ass in 13 reasons why

Enchanted Storybook Castle, my new picture on #Flickr  #Photography 

Life is so fucking annoying God let me just dissapear

That's my mf best friend and I love her so much. I couldn't ask for a better friend    

MEPs back budget flexibility: €6bn more for jobs, growth and tackling…  Meer nieuws:… 

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

Top 10 Affiliate Marketing Tracking Software Platforms --  #affiliates 

#Gifs #anos #culos The post appeared first on El Arca de Fino.  

It goes all the way down tonight you do not want to miss it let's be there for the kick off and… 

Bubble Dark Hair Milf Cant Stop Shaking to PlayOMB Shaker While You Play He  #NgecrotTube

Pro Emu Exotic Leather Boots are custom handmade. We use hand selected emu leggings and ostrich hide to construct... 

Facebook is investing heavily in improving its data capabilities  #subsea #fiberoptic… 

i must protect this man with my life i offer everything to him i must love him i must keep him safe 

The US can't defend against Russia's newest cruise missiles — so it may have to try offense instead… 

i love april fools because when i say i'm going to kill myself people will think i'm joking ha ha ha ...

A thousand disappointments in the past cannot equal the power of one positive action right now. Go ahead go for it.

OUTDOOR NOTEBOOK: Striper population rebounding in Lake Texoma: The striped bass fishery on Lake Texoma appears to…… 

   Thread. "Nostalgia tour" -- sounds an awful lot like someone else who continues to campaign despite the outcome.… 

People With Chronic Pain Scared by Ohio's New Opioid Rules  

This thing. Bukan only you damaged from it. Both of us are. Now when you tell me all these, you made me feel I'm the SOLE person who did it

girkls fucking guys in the ass 

literally sick of being made out to be some dickhead 

hardcore threesome anal fucking 

Hate asos sometimes when you're looking for ages, finally find summit nice n it ends up being £100+    

Overlooking Skomer in Pembrokeshire. Scenery is fabulous and yes, was bracing. 

Melbourne builds 2.5km of bike freeway and upgrades 14km of bike path...the state of Baden-Wurttenberg in Germany i… 

Participating in a group, whether with friends or family, is a... More for Pisces 

#rate girlfriend nude finger fucking 

Cracker with his face covered calling someone ugly. Comedy. 

Have you ever left something in your Uber? Here's Uber's lost and found of the weirdest things people have left -… 

Biden: 9 Republican senators told me they knew opposing Garland was wrong  right, Biden talked to the GOP

this is such a cute moment but I know it's all about to go to shit because of the preview #Riverdale

Loretta Loren gets fucked at the gym 

Get over yourselves!It's art! and for all the shit we take w/trap/Plastic wRap music,stop backlashing the man trying… 

Not even an hour of fucking sleep please don't talk to me     

Watching Sierra play Manual Samuel. *note to self - If I ever become unable to feed myself or drink on my own, Sierra is never to be my nurs

fucking my stepmother #girls passed out cold 

Rabbitohs on Google: The Rabbitohs Regret At Letting Luke Keary Go  #NRL 

Differences Between Us and Them (Unregenerated Masses of Apostate Christianity) Whom I Defy  

Top German police official warns of extremist attacks  #news #World 

honestly who even put her in the show.. i hate her.. she's so fake i want to punch her 

 ~  Itsy Bitsy Book Bits Featured Author  ~  Follow Author Aden Lowe over on Twitter!!... 

We didn't forget about baseball! These should be available by the end of this week! #chicago 

#security GDPR: Building a Platform Over The Data Breach - Read Philip van der Wilt’s practical advice to busin... 

AUSTRALIAN FEDERAL POLICE I'm never protected by law police illegally closed my shop the only way I was able to make a living and you watched

Artist James Rosenquist, a key pop art figure, dies at 83 

You dike bitches taken over ... smh nasty mutherfuckers

I'll keep this song on repeat till the day I fucking die

She's fucking out of my league dude, she is too fab for me.

Marvel Exec Backpedals After Suggesting Diversity to Blame for Comic Book Sales Slump 

Lads. Let's all take a deep breath and say it together; Men aren't oppressed/underrepresented. 

Seduisante Collant Lady Fucked 

What is the best Instagram follow/unfollow/stats app for iOS? I just switched from android and it doesn't have my app.   

this nigga finna get in this car with this fresh cut and these juices of mine finna start leaking   

so much energy and time wasted hatin on someone when alla that coulda been put towards makin yourself better.... a… 

Casting office slut eaten out and fucked 

Are people fucking serious?!!! You don't ASK for the location of the hotel in the comments under a pic made by a celeb you want to stalk!

Please RT if you like!! #Travel How To Budget a Trip  

he doesn't even have to face the camera and he looks incredible  visual appreciation    

Michael Mann House Testimony on Climate Change: Embarrassing, Rude | National Review 

this is how my co workers write tickets for me to make the drinks. we r all wise asses 

Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? Are you reaching out for me, like I'm reaching out for you?

Have you heard ‘Welcome to the Jungle TECHNO VERSION’ by Limmy on #SoundCloud? #np 

Climate change is a terrible problem it absolutely needs to be solved. It deserves to be a huge priority. ~Bill Gates #myemywealth

A "statement" from the Dandelion crayon, via 'The Day the Crayons Quit' author Drew Daywalt 

Shout out to blissey being a fuckinG PAIN IN THE ASS WHY ARE THEREE 3 OF YOU IN A GYMN?

And the first #UTWLAX goal of the day goes to Amanda Voges, assist from Rom. UT trails Queens 5-1 . #StandAsOne 

for those that dont understand what is going on and turning on Trump so sudden, you need to take a step back and chill out

Let's be honest, we're fucking shite! Yes, we won a trophy (luckily) but that's it for us this season. Next one's going to be interesting!

#Stockholm fucking #footjob #seduction butt legs #datingsites #bigboobs submission doggy 

Appears the #Falcon9 #SES10 fairing has some damage. Back in port for SpaceX Barge Dock off-loading. Go Quest and E… 

Afterlife - 3. Fucking coward #wattpad 

Still getting some tiny swirl marks after 2 step polishing #autodetailing #detailing #mobiledetailing #cardetailing… 

#Passion is the self medicine to cure bewilderment. Helps you to choose better path to success and brings #commitment to avoid frustration.

the far-right embracing single-payer before the democrats is fucking embarrassing

13 tweeps followed me in the past day. Feels great! Do you also want to feel awesome? Check out 

Please RT if you like!! #Travel Pamukkale Terraces- Anatolia, Turkey  

#bbcpm I dont like to hear women call their baby boys their little men, this just another gender storm in a b cup

#CSR Ferring Highlights Progress on Social and Environmental Goals in Corporate Social…  

 Astronaut John Glenn to be interred at Arlington Cemetery #future #tech #science

He Was Abandoned By His Parents For Being Too Ugly But The Story Has Another Unpleasant Twist 

Be vigilant. Corrupt persons within Britain will use this force as reason to not fight negative consequences. 

Bit disappointed but it's made me more determined to do better tomorrow!! #motivated #beginner… 

Chelsea 1 up that ugly cunt Diego mis kicks it as well

Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. —Les Brown #MFCSP #AForceToBeReckonedWith

I'm actually excited for cavs Celtics tonight. Maybe the cavs will lock in, since it's a big regular season game.

'Murcia now! ...What happened America? You were once so handsome, brilliant and so avant-garde.     

Who's running our country? Many are filing or defending law suits. Give it a break people and do your jobs. BTW no glasses on tip of noses.

   uOkusalayo u ditched me. Went to sleep while I suffer till 5am *Folds Arms* 

Burger anyone??? #vegetarian #plantbased #juicepluscomplete #takehealthyback… 

Who out thia together? Idiots 

Very bad cutie enjoys moist bawdy cleft fuck 

hate having to repeat myself all the damn time    

With Alex Kopco at Target Center during my last birthday-time visit to Minneapolis ... 

I CANT BELIEVE POLLY WENT TO THAT DAMN CRAZY HOUSE

“Babe, I fucked up. I’m sorry.” I didn’t say a word. A part of me… 

NH looks good today. Also, everyone should check out the Donate a Photo app #GCCforcharity #jnj #donateaphoto… 

Some guys are assholes all of the time, all guys are assholes some of the time.. but girls can be just plain evil.

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

Your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today, bringi... More for Virgo 

Because of the injustices we are living now a days won second place? Like wtf. The kid was talking about his fav spoet. Good for him!

When the post workout pic is just as much fun as the workout itself   #FRIYAY  : Instructor… 

Every hour, nearly 1000 people -- mostly children under 5 -- die from malnutrition-related health complications 

you can do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than us to do it.

Many healthy women are diagnosed with cancer even though the cancer would never have made them ill, shows new rese… 

Could Donald Trump be held legally responsible for inciting violence at his rallies? 

Best show in town! We'll loan you the sand chair, the Paradise Coast supplies the sunset! #nicetravels 

The Limit Does Not Exist: Dating A Human Venn Diagram, Part 2  #startup #Dubai #KSA

Sometimes the smallest package has the biggest value.  Happy Monday! #poshmark #poshmarkseller… 

ive been dead but id like to say i love clay jensen so much and i finished 13rw i cried several times watching it

I personally felt that the DUM DUM song from #KAWELA is directly speaking to my soul. 

Timo Hardy before asshole fucking 

Studies show that 64.7% of church people be in the club Saturday night screaming "yuh pussy coming like Bible when… 

I think Riot just watched too much Rick and Morty and they needed to make a bird person champion. LOL 

Birmingham City vlog: Gianfranco Zola must start these three players against Derby - Birmingham Mail 

Sad day for the Amat Family as one of my favorite teachers , mentor, and happy to say friend… 

I ain't never had soo much anger for just one person . Like I just wanna beat yo ass bro

The same people we won't grant asylum ? So basically they can die at our hands but not at Assads ? 

Y'all shouldn't be 'round here smellin like babies, especially if you don't have one. Lmfao, put on y'all grown and sexy shit! Leave JJ alone!

#Caturday We have 379 #ADOPTABLE #CATS listed in New York, USA. FREE to find your next pet: 

Happy #AprilFoolsDay to all the pranksters out there. Play it safe. #TeamVWAudi #NWIndiana 

FUCKING LONGEST YEAH BOI EVER 

#TheFive while the bus crash story in Texas was tragic it doesn't affect the entire country is Susan Rice's actions do

2006 10 COIN United States MINT SILVER PROOF SET w/ Box and COA MINT - 70198  

i don't trust nobody around my boyfriend period.. he know not to try me , but it's the principal y'all hoes nasty!

An Iraqi spokesman, Gul Lebateki Lusin Paul Quemas Mohammed, said he will vote June 50 against Karzai during his future.

one last 'big' day for writing before i pack it up for the season. starts with 'sleeper' final four impact players. 

I fucking called it! John Cena is gonna propose and then the screen freezes. #mixedtag #wrestlemania33 #WreslteMania 

2day near Mt. Hope Cemetery Ghost Guard fought sum wild delusional clowns. The fight was destructive and sum janitors r cleaning up

The Complete Look | Diego Valeri's goal against New England  #Timbers 

This is your reminder that 2Chainz once scored 14 points in a real Division I college basketball game

Accident, center lane blocked in #OldWestbury on Northern State Pkwy EB at I-495, stop and go traffic back to Willis Ave, delay of 4 mins

Gronk, you shouldhave tried the old stopandstart. Could have made the wall. 

Spring came early this year, but our guys were ready  

tasha reign getting fingered and fucked 

Kendall Jenner’s Pespi Ad is the Death Knell for Obama’s Beloved Protest Culture 

I cannot wait until my hair reaches its full natural potential. I just want to wear my hair in a big, curly fro all the time.  #teamnatural

I hear the Army is changing their uniforms to desert casual. Jackets Required. 

Just had a neighbor's cat come over and was going to take him back, but letting him in the apartment turned my cat into Satan so he fled.

Chicago Police Arrest 14-Year Old In Connection To Teen Gang Rape On Facebook Live 

This is the shittiest tweet ever it looks bad and there's no effort

OLD LARGE HISTORIC AUSTRALIAN WOOL and SHEARING PHOTO, TUMBY BAY SHEARERS c1890  

Find your spirit, and no challenge will keep you from achieving your goals. - Christopher Penn #quote

4/11 can also mean 4-1-1. 4-1-1 is one number off from 9-1-1. 9-1-1 is a phone number. White people use phones.… 

My dads the MVP. Asked him to smell my diaper laundry after wash bc I can't smell a thing  (ps he said "it literally smells like nothing")

He needs to close out his real estate deals #TheResistance #Kushner #kremlincohorts #china 

Why do I have a feeling this will be destroyed by some strange linking to vaccination? 

#Style #KaleyCuoco COA CELEBRITY WORN WARDROBE OWNED APPAREL BIG BANG THEORY CHARMED  

When one of ina's radio ceo tweeted whether he shud brought vixx/b*p a year ago then most of the mention says vixx

We are going up! I just guided to play-off glory in Non-League C  [Pro Edition]

Fucking "Ets" disease!!! Mets/Jets and, for some of you truly sorry fools, the Nets as well. These Hosts are invaded by a virus that just>

I've been up all night cause of screaming #poops. My body goes from one extreme to the next. Never happy medium gah… 

Not because she's inferior. Has nothing to do with her. It's because I don't want even the appearance of impropriety.

We chat to Cedric Nicaise of Eleven Madison Park #dbMeets #Interview #NewYork 

‘Beauty And The Beast’ Clocks $400M+ Overseas; Global Box Office At $751M  (DH)

Dirtytarget fucking on a noisy bed 

I'm gonna fucking cry at the thought of me working today feeling this damn sleepy

US strike on Syrian air base has limited impact on Assad  

brother fucking brother's wife 

Jacob Jacob Jacob is a fucking icon legend legend legend!1!1!!

people say millennial are rude but I cried because I hated the way my nails looked and still paid for them and acted like I loved them

African-American Students More Likely to Succeed with Black Teachers:  

I swear I can never do anything it's so fucking annoying

Education is the kindling of a flame not the filling of a vessel - Socrates #Education #Quotes 

Come watch idiots play Forza Horizon 2 

And my magnolia tree is in bloom. It's bootiful. Be better wen New bark chips down   

Special Weather Statement issued April 06 at 6:45AM EDT until April 07 at 12:00AM EDT by NWS,  #triadwx

"I love how it's giving me this natural look...it has a lot of different formulas to choose from and blends... 

I would really appreciate if you would complete this short survey about the show.  Thank you!!

Not even five minutes after putting on my new trainers, our West Highland Terrier threw up on them. Thanks Brodie.   

i wish i was a picky eater, maybe then i wouLD STOP EATING FUCKING EVERYTHING

Lambeth Council to block #office-to-resi permitted development | common sense approach 2stop substandard #ukhousing 

Little day at the park for this cutie #imperialsocietyteachersdance #kbda #karinaburnsdanceacademy #mummiesgirl 

Found a Transponder Snail! Famed Pirate Hunter captured! Exclusive shots!!  #TreCru 

Israel Strongly Condemns Syria Chemical Attack, Calls on World to Intervene: 

A man who makes trouble for others is also making trouble for himself. - Chinua Achebe #quote 

Enjoy our daily updated porn vids  View the full clip here > 3 >   

SNAP-ON *EXCELLENT!* 3/8" DRIVE 212FSMSY 11-PIECE METRIC "SEMI-DEEP" SOCKET SET!  

#Braves - Tyler Flowers absent from Friday lineup #FANation  #MLB 

I stalked a nigga n snitch on him b4... #AprilFools. Got me fucked up I ain't a #FuckBoy #FuckNigga #PussyNigga #Clown #Faggot #Chin

if you cant do the math, then you shouldnt have bought the fucking robot.

+ had to carry the tomatoes with them everywhere they go for two weeks. As the days passed the children started to complain about (5/12)

We love online shopping! It's simple and convenient as is shopping with Shelfstore!  #shelving #bookcases #storage

#linux #kernel [PATCH] iio: dac: ad5504: Remove unnecessary cast on void pointer  #lkml

Physician: Pediatrician for Cleveland OH Area with Partnership and Exceptional Pay - Warren, OH, , USA #jobs… 

dear world: you can't ball your eyes out. if you can, im concerned for you. however, you can ~bawl~ your eyes out.

Damon giving everyone nicknames, Lol. They refer to, Caroline, Rebekah, Elena, and Micheal. LOL. Pre 

seventeen ; adore u performance team version -needed to be included -josh playing guitar randomly in the background… 

5th anni footage looks really good but why did they have to bundle it with 6th and charge 200 freaking dollar for it?

Way to fucking play boys    

Advocate and contribute to the achievement of the United Nations’ Millennium Development Goals. 

Joy Holiday Address Labels | Current Labels   

Well done to Vicky from Babcock Tax Services for winning the 60 seconds round today! Babcock - Tax, Accountancy and… 

As a result of serious concerns arising from her recent behaviour, Rose of Sharon will not be appearing in future S… 

Pro American, Pro Gay, Pro Life, Pro Military, Pro Police, Pro Ice, Pro Trump, Pro Wall, Pro Refugee ban, Pro deportation of illegals!  

My 21st i wanna be in Miami getting so fucked up !!!!!

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

You just may be a #catnut if: you sleep in the same position all night because it annoys your cat when you move. #cats

  #Don't...   #Don't...   #Don't... Let me Down Coz I Think I'm Losing My Mind Right Now, So Don't Let Me Down... Hey Yo'...    

in yoongis opinion bc tae was in that play anyway how is that punishment and jimin is just happy to be with tae wherever they are)

Hello everyone, have a great Monday! Looking forward to reading your tweets :)  Want this   

Slutty brit fucked on couch through stockings 

#tusk failed to mention the Republic of Uzupis in his #brexit priorities (20th anniversary of independence today) d… 

#WeLoveLA #Angels Springer's HR in 13 Gives Astros 5-3 Win Over Mariners  #SportsRoadhouse

New post: "Robots and automation are going white collar — but they're not here to steal your job just yet" 

Happy Birthday Tallulah! Have a fab day, you share your birthday with my grandson Billy who is 7 tomorrow  

Cfnm slut gets a cumshot after fucking guy 

Each year, $39.2 billion is injected by travelers, making tourism an economic driver in PA:  

Are you looking for employment next year?! Campus Rec is looking to hire IM Officials and Group Fitness... 

Your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today, bringi... More for Virgo 

Danica machine fucked in STW pantyhose 

Crew member/Shift leader - Orlando, Florida - Dunkin Donuts #orlandojobs #orlando #jobs 

|| Huh? Reply ? Sorry my brain is fucked up... 

Before you head out for a road trip, inspect your car's belts and hoses. If they're worn-out or loose, your engine can overheat!

As long as Demi is happy then I don't care who she is in a relationship. Have y'all seen her recently? She is looking good.

nothing will ever make me laugh as much as Coach Bolton yelling "What the heck are those two doing in a tree!?" while running down the aisle

College has at no point been "easy", but I can't explain how less stressful it can be if you trust God and let him guide you through it .

being told u remind someone of home is fucking sick

In New Special, Louis C.K. Says We're Heading For Hellish Dystopia  

I was wondering why all my camera photos from last night came out blank......had the lens cap on   

But then I was treated as a second option and well... I put myself first. So I'm single, single .  

Look at these grandads slandering my name. Still trapped in the days of Figo and things 

I begin to feel a genuine, physical pain when I am unable to get myself to just write when I want to, let alone when I need to.

Juan Mata could miss the rest of Manchester United's season after he underwent groin surgery on Thursday. [M.E.N] #MUFC

Yes the corrupt piece of crap was dems and huessein obama destroying the health system in US,Best in the World. JUS… 

Wow. We have been awful from start to finish of this season. One of the most boring teams I think I have ever seen play in the prem. EVER

Leather Case Stand Cover For Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 2015 Tablet DB  

This one lady told me I am a math retard because I counted her cups wrong and I am sorry? Like I get my numbers confused...

#Oral,#Anal,#teenmom,#mom,#cam: Bootylicious Filthy Blondie Gets Doggy Fucked By Black Brutal Stud 

Injera is made from the superfood Teff grain that is high in iron, Vitamin B and calcium. Healthy and Delicious? Y… 

【定期[説明]】nowplaying Vocal/Arrange - Title / Album Title or nowplaying Arrange - Title / Album Title

That dream was too fucked up for me to handle, like I don't even feel like I slept.

DO YOU FUCKING MOTHERFUCKERS KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT SARIN? INVOLUNTARY CONVULSIONS and SPASMS. GO KILL YOURSELF, PLEASE.… 

my life's so fucking boring I need someone to bring some excitement into it

NYC, DC, east coast, west coast: get out there and show Syria you fucking care.

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

yes i don't need translat anything, and sure no words needed Because there are no words to describe this… 

It was sunny five minutes ago. Storms are rolling in. Hello Spring showers!    

know them niggas lookin so you know they gon hate  

Adobe research creates AI tool for transferring image styles between photographs 

If 45 knew about the Syrian chemical attack before it happened and can be proved? Dude. That is some serious international war crime shit.

I like to share my blog link. It provides different types of facts. So please give review and comment to my blog. 

OMG!! MY FUCKING LIFE! MY CHILDHOOD! MY TAG TEAM KINGS OF LADDERS!!!!          HARDY BOYZ SHIT!!!! #Wrestlemania

Too many screenwriters think of their work as art instead of craft. If you build a shoddy table, it's not art, it's crap. Same for writing.

For only the 4th time in 70 years, MN's av annual unemployment rate was below 4 pct for two years in a row in 15-16. 

"Sullivan was one of six current or former FBI officials who died during a six-month period in 1977, before they were to testify before the"

You can arrive at a more accurate conclusion on your own than ... More for Taurus 

It's #PsychoTrioFriday which means you get a Damnable Grace teaser!!! Woohooooo!!!! I cannot… 

which is why politicians are desperate to brand (unfavourable) media as fake news. Easy tactic to counter the openness socmed has created.

Because no matter how long or how many bombastic words or idioms i put. Still i can't get a great mark for karangan    

clay is so fucking annoying he asks questions every 5 seconds and never goes with the flow just shut up and listen idk how yall claim

#Science - Buzzing our brains with electricity could boost memory, Researchers at Imperi...  

Everyone's like oh it's so nice out today im like no it was cold it being "nice" out is 85 degrees not 50

Work is deffo not the one in this fucking weather   

NYPD Infiltrated Black Lives Matter Protests And Obtained Text Messages, Emails Show | The Huffington Post 

Redhead babe licked her pussy and fucked 

Hate when fools send me their SoundCloud links like I give a fuck

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

#ANCYL there this idiot of cosas speaking, i think hate speech will come out of his speech if he doesnt stop.

fat woman fucked by horse 

And I'm up because I work 2nd shift and I was watching a documentary that scared me and I can't sleep because I keep panicking. But anyway

I think I've officially lost faith... it's sad but I would NEVER treat someone that I love this way.

#Snapchat #Reddit #Spectacles #Livebroadcasting 19 [F4A] - just a college girl lookin for new snap friends :) r/sn… 

Why does everyone have to fight on my grave. Like, I'm trying to fucking sleep here after I got blown up by my own brother.

Computer Fix-It free drop-in, Saturday 8th April, 10:30am - 2:30pm, #GKHub 254a High Street #Kirkcaldy 

A sense of panic hangs right at the edge of your awareness. Yo... More for Aries 

It is important to get children to play outside and #GiantGazillionBubbles are such a great way to do that.

All jokes aside I really hopeandpray for everyone being affected by this stupidity and hatred. It's scary and sad to think we've come to this

you're too young for that1!1!!11!" and i just bursted out laughing cause my mom didn't know it was maddie or why she sent me them  

Refrain from putting incriminating messages in your ym, facebook, twitter or plurk updates. Put good and funny stuff instead.  

“I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, a…” 

#Gambling It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves. ~AndrР Gide #quotes #followme

Friends bragging about fucking some slut, since when is everyone else's dirty laundry something to brag about???

It's now official! We are excited about our new Design Center. Come and check it out #realestate #newconstruction... 

[NFL: Carolina Panthers] Veteran additions bring more than leadership to defense  #Rams

My dad facetimed me and was like "hey why are you upside down? How's the weather up there?" 

When you join davido to sing 30 billion for the account and your account balance be looking at you like 

[Prayer] If Jews, Christians, and Muslims could only see how much they have in common, they would happily pray toge… 

They don't deserve anything for those fucking handshakes though, disgusting behaviour

I HITMARKERED A SHITTY WALLBANG ON HARDCORE WAW WITH A FUCKING SNIPER LIKE WHAT

#USA NEWS : North Carolina Senate passes repeal of transgender bathroom law #360WiseNews 

Now showing: DRAWN TO FEAR by DANIEL ROBINETTE. First time we've had two films by the same director. #HSFF #FilmFestival #Folkestone

dozens of people followed me and 14 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#overland #hardcore fucking #camera #completo tempe #bolton #sport maine #vigo 

I just posted something on Facebook.... just to see how many idiots there are who don't understand sarcasm...

Someone explain the rules of the game to the ref cause he hasn't got a fucking clue!

These face masks from Sally's are fucking killinnnngggg for my skin 

I love staying home. I was dead ass serious when I said that I wasn't gonna take another practice test.

Person:what's your favorite song Me:sign of the time Person:who sings that Me:harry styles Person:I haven't heard… 

Not just bad she is the worst possible example of a working woman. Hell you could use Kim Kardashian and get a bett… 

TheNextWeb: This DIY Nintendo build is pure portable nostalgia  

My pre-speaking routine to get pumped up involves one Mohito, 2 coffees, 20 minutes of intense… 

Wasps explore rugby league possibilities for Ricoh Arena -  

I remember when I cried and laughed at the same time when I realized I had stood in the same building as Morgan Freeman

(1 of 2) “Even in our moments of deepest grief, in the moments when time stands still and life seems unfair…” #ElderClayton | #LDSConf

OMG I need tissues! Not Hank and Wu! Damn you evil forces!#Grimm — watching Grimm

Strong argument for the key role #Forestry and #agriculture play in #decarbonization  

Got off work early and did not accomplish anything I planned on doing.. except taking a nap.. I did that 

i love all my old mutuals so so much i'm sorry if we don't talk a lot anymore but i promise you all mean the world to me  

at work i asked a lady "how are you" n she told me all about her crackhead exhusband and the "underweight skank" he cheated on her with

ERP Scholars, Kohat enclave Pitampura SAP Institute require SAP FICO..For more info visit...  

I've been SO on edge all day trying not to fall for April fools jokes. Yet I legitimately fell for this. I'm so mad. 

＠6vNANS March 31, 2017 at 05:45AM 1iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii…

Colossal is a sharp, weird monster movie that seems destined to infuriate its fan base  (via… 

Monumental, sung through, rock musical coming to Chesterfield! Tickets On Sale NOW #CHESSterfield #yousawitherefirst 

mine dont. and i dont wanna tell em either. i don't say i'm straight but i don't bring up the dating convo either

I've just watched episode S01E04 of Narcos! #narcos  

They against us every time we go to the finals. It's all good tho we still got the dub 

I love it when a new work program rolls out smoothly! That isn't what's happening. But isn't it nice when it does? *sigh*  

build a website by saifhallaq: i need to build a site like  with all the functionalities.… 

sucer asiatique et fucking 

i remember yrs ago a girl rping as rena hyuugu always saying "use soda" and it took me forever to get it was a joke based on rena's "uso da"

UMMM IF YOU LET ME SPEAK BEFORE CUTTING ME OFF I COULD FUCKING TELL YOU

Amateur teen GF anal threesome with facials  #Sex #amateur #Amateurity #Anal 

Although you might already have big plans for the weekend, mor... More for Capricorn 

It's odd that as the weekend approaches you should start to fe... More for Leo 

Raindrops are falling on my head.. so I did some talking to the sun- told him I didn't like the way he got things done! Sleeping on the job

"Flip a fucking coin" "Heads yes, tails no" 2/3 heads

How Man City players backed Wayne Bridge over infamous John Terry handshake incident  #MCFC

Descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today, even i... More for Gemini 

#EmilyRatajkowski HAND SIGNED 8.5"x11" COLOR #Photo AUTOGRAPHED  #Fashion #Style

ABC #InternationalNews Prince Charles joins Romanian folk dance on European tour 

My cuñada ft me at the bar and she's talking to the security saying " this is my sister in law I love her so much she's so pretty "

[7/10] Gwent was very fun. Reminds me more of a board game. To complex for IRL cards. Very interesting deck archety… 

"Forever in the Keys"-new #romance #novel in the #floridakeys!  

Please RT if you like!! #luxurycars #luxury #supercars #cars Chandler Parsons Has A Wraith  

WEST BROM IS A FUCKING TINPOT CLUB THEYRE FUCKING SHITE AND I HOPE EVERYONE AROUND THE CLUB DIES IN A FIRE. INCLUDING THE FUCKING CUNT REF

Is it bigotry to disagree with homosexuality? 5 Reasons Why LGBT Is A Big Issue Among Christians--> 

I'm especially mad she faced the camera forehead on like she didn't know her shit wasn't blended well

True but it means your decent and know how to win have great IQ dosent mean your good but it take sum matter of ski… 

El 6 y 7 de abril proyectaremos "George Harrison: Living in the Material World" de Martin Scorsese a las 17:00h. 

shoutout to all the people who creep on my shit and hope to see i'm doing bad.. y'all right. y'all win.  

I love My city Rio de Janeiro! I love Brazil! Thanks God for another day! Feelings blessed. A big kiss for all My… 

Elephant Favor Tags and Treat Bag Toppers, Grey and Pink Elephant Baby Shower Favor Tags, Instant Download, Littl..… 

If police pulled us over with my gun in the car and im on my 3rd strike would you let me take the charge for life or take a 6 month bid

From the 2017 Observer's Handbook: Saturday, April 8 (actually just past the 7th - if you haven't already looked... 

 #sex #porn #mature He Makes My Wife Beg Him Click here 

Even if it's Kwanggu's bday she doesnt wanna share     ok lapsss he's yours   

New show "Deformed Promotion - K-netic with Dj NB and Mc Stimulator on Nakedbeatz..." up now at  Check it out now!

Body language can be an extremely powerful or attractant or deterrent when it comes to ...  

Sooo YG's extra ass decided to put english subtitles in his bear videos but not in his artists videos im- 

I'll never tell The World I'm sorry because it FUCKED me.

Great pitching by Cody Allen after giving up 2 doubles. Pitch selection and execution exceptional. So you shouldn't be asleep yet

BREAKING: All suspects in twin attacks on police in Russia’s #Astrakhan killed in special op – Nat. Guard  …

Bose QuietComfort 35 Wireless Noise Cancelling Headphone and Kenneth Cole Watch  

OWENS LIFTS UP JERICHO OVER HIS SHOULDERS! OWENS- STUPID IDIOT? STUPID IDIOT? STUPID IDIOT? LET'S SEE WHO THE STUPID IDIOT IS CHRIS JERICHO!

Another Skinny Teens Fucking 

Trees cover up a multitude of sins. Her fury is deadly. She will leave you dreaming for more. Greed.

guys luke wont write my history essay   i offered him my eternal friendship and a cookie and i thought it was a good deal :////

For those who have forgotten the holy Quran. Its time you remember it by knowing #ImamAli a.s 

can't put effort into anything anymore, our generation is deadass fucked up

Now Playing On Triumphant Radio: He Paid the Price by Colorado Mass Choir; Joe Pace listen at… 

oh but!! the real deal IS an onsen/restaurant, but doesn't have an inn portion..... eternal tears it'd be so amazing lskhfd

¿Do I have another chance to be forgiven for the sin of adultery? #ElSalvador #leader...  

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

MSU, Mankato pitcher throws shutout day after mom's death from cancer  "This kid just threw… 

  littlebluestudios: ‘Avatar Photo Booth’ Thankful to spend the holiday relaxing and making art :) Hope... 

Republicans can say this kind of thing because their base, the fact-free low-information voters, have no memory or… 

IF I FUCKING COMPLIMENT YOU. BITCH SAY THANK YOU LIKE WTF?

i'm STILL upset i didn't get to go to Kenny Chesney's "The Big Revival" tour. DOES ANYONE REALIZE HOW LONG AGO THAT WAS?

Friends asked why l didnt tweet/comment on RUU Why shud I? Umno did it again the 3rd time! Tabling and Deny Debate..Pas appeased..Despicable!

The Nigerian Army 4 Brigade command has arrested two suspected illegal refinery operators… 

The old Twitter page is for the Christopher Clonts 123 stuff.But, this Twitter page is for the future of The Critical Reviewer.

After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb. - Nelson Mandela #quote

And then tweeting a pic of Sean Connery with the caption that someone had suggested that you get an agent and all could think of was this guy.

A brilliant performance by the young Shadab Khan see's him titled the Man of the Match yet again. #JazzCricket… 

#Gambling One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time. ~AndrР Gide #quotes #followme…

Biggest LOVE sweetest Blessings to you ALL ♡  And infinite thanks endless gratitude for everything <HUG>    i ℒℴѵℯ you ALWAYS ! . .  . .

fucking my roommate's basketball shoes 

I see a lot of praise for #Wrestlemania I totally disagree. First, Undertaker is awesome. #thankyoutaker

People’s attention is held by different things, individuals have different preferences  

The wind today is blowing much harder than it did any of the days I was in El Paso, including the stupid turbulence-y flight in.

the pleasure and beauty of nature calling to something deep inside of you letting us feel our connection. 

There are a few things that I am constantly reaching for in my closet. They are the pieces that make 

You can't be ran through and a trophy at the same time. You washed up ma' so 9/10 you gone end up with somebody as low as you!  

MSF-MoU between Libya and Italy perilous to migrants  

Goals help focus you on areas in both your personal and professional life that are important and meaningful, rather than bei #TheGreatQuote

Go for gold – Buffalo Gold, that is! There’s a jackpot in here waiting to be let out… 

My pops irritate me yelling through the door like I can't hear him but my nigga you can open the door     he so aggy fam !

My figures of speech make models jealous Hiding punchlines cuz I don't rap to undress your pants but m rapping to undress your minds

This one traveled 364 feet to straight-away left. Ahem, Margot on around a 360-homer pace at Petco this season

Homicide detectives probe death after human remains identified as Jessica Runions 

Remember Sissoko had one good game in his career at Euro 2016 and he thought he was good enough for Real Madrid           Spastic!

New post (Dolphins 'shake and toss' octopus prey, research finds) has been published on  -… 

Just when I thought alarm couldn't get more adorable...she's talking about Weight Watchers while she cooks   #MKR

The topic of our next discussion: patriotism. Is it different from nationalism and is there a place for patriotism in modern leftist thought?

Ghanaian groom gifts Nigerian bride a brand new Mercedes on their wedding day  

I can't imagine a better ending than #Grimm writers gave us. I'd love to see Diana and Kelly learning about hunting from Nick, Trouble andco.

I remember when Dzuik showed us this in class and he couldn't stop laughing. But everyone was just laughing at him… 

I didn't even watch the commercial and now I know for a fact I don't have to bc nothing could explain it better tha… 

Will Technology Replace Good, Old-Fashioned Exercise?  via #enews24ghanta 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

#Nigeria #news - RE: Troops arrest four fleeing #terrorists, recover 100 motorcycles 

Yall im so shook how do you get over those annoying ass random crushes?? Like??? No??

Gotta love the #tassels  Kinsey Dress $85 (XS,S,M,L) Freddie Sandal $60 (5,7,8,9,10) #bandofgypsies... 

Pick up Earthbound (SNES) at Play It! Hilliard while it last! Bring your trades! Have a blessed one! 

I collect data, metadata, and then releases them to everybody. You will also have to have probable cause necessarily for these. #RandPaul

Buval or Duvel: too confusing? Yes, claimed Duvel Moortgat. No, retorted Aldi. Duvel lost the case in court 

1 child dead after 6 found unconscious from carbon-monoxide at Michigan hotel pool  

Latest reports on #RealEstate market analysis and housing data covering U.S Canada and U.K Visit Us At… 

‘Man Utd must match my ambition if they want me to stay, I didn’t come here to waste time’- Zlatan Ibrahimovic rages 

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!  #TreCru 

Cheers and get fucked #PS4share 

It's an all-too-familiar lesson for you Archers: more of a goo... More for Sagittarius 

I always get fucked over for always putting others before me

Headlines: local return, traffic deaths, Expo TOD, Jordan Downs, parking, Cedillo, Long Beach 

Ben Harper and the Innocent Criminals - Call it What it is  #VintageSoundPlaylist

Computer Desk w/ Keyboard Tray Laptop Home Office Furniture Study Table White  

Retweet if you're rooting for Gonzaga in the #NationalChampionship! #UnitedWeZag 

Hottie Susana Melo gets her asshole fucked in doggystyle 

Idiot liberals like moths to a flame when there's a trend they can't control #SusanRice 

It's officially spring! Planting trees around your home is not only great for the environment, but it increases... 

We'd love to have you come visit us tomorrow! Bible Fellowship groups start at 9:00 am and service is at 10:30 am.… 

Undergarments Tramp Pleasured By Huge Cock Anal Blowjob Cum on Ass Fingering Hardcore Oral Sex Stac 

How will my father dump my laundry in my bed when I'm about to do work   now I have to pack it bc my OCD bad when it comes to doing work   

im gonna fight every urge of mine to listen to promise today,, im not about to do that to myself 

Commitment is staying loyal to what you said you were going to do long after the mood you said it in has left you. #quote

We are getting excited for NVGR's performance with Wo Fat - Chron Goblin + Guests at 420 Festival Day Three... 

Check out these 8 photos of Buhari since he returned from medical vacation a month ago  

These two tranny girls perform a great show, fucking and sucking their cocks.  #shemale… 

Fairfax County stops short of sanctuary policy in new #immigration guidelines 

LOL..shouldn't have messed w/our election and help put this man in office   ‍ 

He provides what we need when we need it... not before. Live By The Spirit: Devotions With John Piper:… 

Ooh, hope the hope brings sunny promise sometime this weekend for you!  Those clouds are beautifully coloured  

"If a lion ate a gazebo that would mean there's a lion loose at a Lowe's" I can't handle this #listentothebestshow

math teacher always drawling with all this fucking homework wtf

For The Sixth Time, House Republicans Block Effort To Force Disclosure Of Trump's Tax Returns 

It’s easy to find help these days! Introducing Neighborly… a community of home service experts that have been... 

The boss says yesterday's comeback will give us the belief we need in our final   premierleague games 

If you want to keep your followers engaged and also save time throughout your day, RoundTeam is a great solution. 

Couldn't decide which collar to get my cat so I got both. Also wondering why my cat needs a collar...extra?? Probab… 

fucking and sucking my sister 

Glasgow's best April Fool's Day Pranks 2017  #glasgow #scotland 

Up there with one of my worst tweets ever that. But who givva fuck it's sunny       

I AM #SoFUCKED . I #CANNOTUNSEE THIS! #ThereGoesMySummer . Told you I was becoming a Dwarf! 

Sleepover parties are great fun for #kids but can be exhausting and stressful for #parents so here are our #toptips… 

Emiras dog fucking stinks min, farts all the fucking time, horrible little fart machine

me if i have to buy both the harpy and the phoenix separately for 7800 ip each 

The planet earth is like a neighborhood somebody's always in charge our POTUS is learning how to cook a hamburger with Bacon

Mike Epps Shares Stage with Kangaroo, Some Claim Animal Abuse (VIDEO)  via #enews24ghanta 

I'm so fucking angry and sad n people are the worst.

Coworkers probably mad at me cause I fagged on them

#Television #Series #PrettyLittleLiars: The Complete First Season by Holly Marie Combs, Lucy Hale,  #PLL

#girlsparty usa #wyoming fucking #hairpulling #braunschweig arabian 

I'd fucking deck her for him 

I've been staying hotels while on military orders and now I have to guard weapons,sleep and shit in the woods with one other guy till Sunday

6 tweeps followed me in the past day. Feels great! Do you also want to feel awesome? Check out 

I've just watched episode S04E20 of Friends : The One With All The... #Friends  

Like y'all don't have to stare at me like I'm a pariah just do your fucking jobs

Inserting her ugly face ass where it don't belong. Leave BTS alone!   

(The Cheating Saga: My Wife's Friend ñ Aisha Part 2 - Fuck me with that big cock, I want it insde me 

Migrating from Magento 1 to Magento 2 talk will be interesting #MagentoImagine 

Ready to discover the new books that will be released in April? Don't forget to pre-order the… 

Nah My Sis is Beyond Dedicated and Passionate!! Love her so much    VOTE NAIMA DUNCAN FOR SGA REC SEC   <EMOJI>️ #DSU… 

Yea all these bad ass bey bey kids ride bikes over here 

Dirty lesbians fucked in ass by strapon 

FUCK THESE REFS MAN HOLY SHIT!!! Put the fucking whistle away!!! I don't think Gonzaga has even made a shot that isn't a free throw

Guy liebt fucking mit Kuken 

THIS SCENE AND THIS SONG GIVES ME LIFE *-* #DanStevensILoveYouWithAllMyHeart           

Final words from Ire: Discourse is bad, being courteous can also mean shutting up when nothing good can be said/done.

Forget unfollowers, I believe in growing. 2 new followers in the last day! Stats via 

We're looking for song critics! Apply If you have love and knowledge of multiple music genres! #PaidGig #JobOpp… 

Work being done for race prep......never ending! Love to race though! Thank you Frank!… 

I hate it when my father says "You look girly", "you look vulnerable and weak". STFU you're the reason why victim blaming is a thing.

Ladi Adebutu calls for increased budgetary allocation to education, bags honorary degree  

#CorbusPharmaceuticals Corbus Pharma Drug Shows No Clinical Benefit for Cystic Fibrosis Pat... Read more:  $CRBP

What’s Wrong With America’s Current Approach to #Cybersecurity?  by PacificStand 

Throwback my make up , Beautiful red kebaya from tinongkebaya11 #makeup #makeupwedding… 

You're the happiest when you are free to flit from one activit... More for Gemini 

there is nothing better than looking in the stands and seeing all the support you have smiling back and cheering you on 

There is a difference between a "mistake" and living a disgusting lifestyle full of bigotry and the denial of scien… 

I WANT FUCKING FREEDOMMMMMMM I JUST WANT TO COME OUT BUT I CAN'T

I hate the Warriors but I gotta admit, if this were the Warriors playing the Bulls they would be blowing them tf out

The late Dr. Nicholas Gonzalez is well known for using pancreatic enzymes to treat cancer. In this v  — TheTruthAb…

JUSTICE ADEMOLA COURT VERDICT: FG APPEALS AGAINST DECISION, FILES FRESH CASE AT CCT  

The Great and Mighty Warlock murderously drones Ascendant Blast (using a 8th level spell slot) on A Blue letter "J"!

Now I shall sleep with a smile on my face.   You peeps should read this! And re-read it a couple more times. It's… 

LMAO I am in the weirdest situation and now all I can do is laugh bc I dont know how to handle this shit at all

dozens of people followed me and 8 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Opened Graffiti request via android at Intersection of Commercial St and Kearny St  Graffiti… 

74' | SAVE!!! Janjetovic gets down smartly at his near post to keep out Nabbout's shot! 0-3 #NEWvWSW #ALeague

lmaaaoooo eunice is that an elephant??? and what did eunjin cosplay as?? pooh? 

"A world ending thrill ride. It's like the horror equivalent of Game of Thrones."  #horror #apocalypse

I'm supposed to see how many people from my generation didn't like the GBA because back in the day I didn't go anywhere without the GBC to

There is a method to your madness as you attempt to keep every... More for Leo 

teens fucking machines in hardcore 

5:14 am from Embossed Legs Crowned Girl (Knieendes Mädchen) Augustin Tschichold Letterpress typographing ie. drawn over photographs

Who said bananas were a boring fruit?   

Don't miss my roommates tho lmao. Last thing I told them was to stop being bitches and mind their business  

Transgender bathroom bill's hit to North Carolina economy amounts to 'rounding error' 

Niggas be weedmen but don't wanna sell no weed Bitch y'all need stop sending me pics and videos of y'all crap ass weed then

Albert Einstein sent you a text with a typo, you'd call him a fucking idiot too.

Accrue the views, 4 bed 3 bath 2 storey home with views over Richmond on 880m2, perfect for large family or BandB 

Cannot believe when lea was back doing btcc Chilton was doing it and he had hedgehog hair and he was so kind and every meeting spoke and

GE CEO on disagreeing with Trump: 'We're cowards if we don't' ~Finally a #BigCorporation CEO Speaks Out Plainly 

Please vote for Cait  The Best Actresses of American Tv Series 2016  

HEY WV GOVERNOR READ THIS YOU IDIOT 

If you never try, you'll never know. Change life and be happy. #MayWardforUniSilverTime #FPJAPSugurin #MDHPagtataka thirteen

"goes for rap's crown"????? you idiots he already has it 

Who is this idiot representing the cab trade on LBC.

sequins crystal beads tube flower clothing accessories decorative patch 5pcs F05  

This game would be 4-4 if we had turned one of the 2 routine double play chances we had last inning. Botched both of them, gave up a run.

WWE Announces Partnership With SEGA: WWE Announces Partnership With SEGA  

Evening receptions are the worst. You have to wipe the fucking gunk off your face before bed.

BRIEF-Winnebago Industries says Bryan Hughes appointed CFO  #company #news 

If you like space and beards, prepare to love TV's #SpaceGandalf  

WTF its not just a crazy old man like me who thks we are being Islamized by this Najashi king and his fucking Musli… 

#CDO #CTO #NEWS # Amber Rudd is having some secretive talks with technology companies 

There Is No Safe Dose Or Amount Of Ionizing Radiation Internally or Externally According To Dr. Romeo F. Quijano MD 

siyeonintl: [HQ] 170408 - Sangam Fanmeeting  mintcream1114 #박시연 #Xiyeon #Pristin #프리스틴 

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

People are ready and open when they are ready and open. Throw in timing. It's no use to fight the pace at which things are meant to go.

McCain: Missile Strikes ‘the Beginning of a Departure from the Failed Policies of the Last 8 Years’… 

Castrated twinks fucking The Boy Is Just A Hole To Use 

-- bringing her over to the edge and keeping her there until I was ready to let her fall. It was so sweet when I let her go. The cries--

That sounds like a threat. Or maybe he's just an idiot that can't express himself 

#fatwomen fucking porn you wish u never saw 

i always feel so nasty after eating ice cream   like damn you indulgent btch.

ReadersGazette: BLOG Ebooks By Jamie by Jamie Hill  Lots of information about how to write ebooks and the Kindle pl…

Serta Icomfort Hybrid HB300Q Smart Support Cushion Firm Mattress Only, Queen #Serta #MemoryFoam 

Pause and read a lot for this one, dude covered many bases of research familiar and new to me on lucifer,(or how... 

#akina sex collection kate hudson fucking 

I agree. Some folks here just wanna be mean. The "Russia's calling" was funny though 

I'm habving nn a stroke I can't lnKJSDKLJBSkdakjnsakjf I've been trying my best to keep quiet and not yell but IM S… 

Will #Biogen ever rally or this #biotech stock dead? Answer depends on your perspective 

realDonaldTrump: The failing nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for ObamaCa…

this is a terrible article, lmao. "grime isn't the same as rap, but im not going to explain how do your googles ame… 

Subways are a target of terror bombings because of the number of entrances and volume of passengers, experts say. 

. Evaluate problem solving and negotiation strategies to resolve education-based conflict. 

Up late or up early? Now's a good time to hear our 99th episode "Swear Bear Adventures"  An… 

Just Reduced CLEARANCE - Peek at What's New -  - #Clearance #Prices Latest Greatest #Savings 

Have you ever apologized for any of the things you've said that were wrong? Just asking! 

Dirty Brunette Loves Having A Dick In Her Ass 

I swear the reaction of most Dems to Bernie's mild hot sauce version of socialism reminds me of Star Wars character… 

Chef denies attacking customer by throwing chili powder in his eyes  

You realise your stuffed when a camel has 8 goes at the yrip for no places and wins #last geelong . And is yrained by a dead set battler

Hootie's legacy of "Tiger-proofing" the National! Anyway, the weekend will be nice, so banish such thoughts… 

Granada Hills' #Kepler Despinos leads Daily News All-Area:   

my daughters fucking a blak dude 

I am pleased to report that the committee for no more committees has officially disbanded before its first meeting

Load shedding returns #LoadSheddingReturns Electricity load shedding resumed once again in the country 

Google aims to kill passwords by the end of this year  

Fingers bleeding and fucked up from bowling   never again

Innocent Hindu Saints are being framed in fake cases #RemoveUnfairPOCSOlaw as innocents are suffering due to this

I knew it, the cars in timeless river are fucking monsters and I hate them

North Korean Hackers Are Reportedly Targeting Numerous Banks Worldwide For A Massive Global Digital Heist  #cyberse…

MHD and Mr Eazi are doing a joint performance at South Bank's Meltdown festival in June. This looks lit. 

I woke up because the dishwasher is running loudly downstairs and open my phone to a missile launch in Syria. It's 2:34 AM I can't handle it

Enter for your chance to go to Vail for the GoPro Mountain Games this summer. #gopromtngames #EverBank #Sweepstakes 

Wind 7 km/h W. Barometer 1012,9 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 20,3 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 64%

TN state senator is selling lemonade, cookies and an AK-47 in downtown Nashville and it is awesome 

It's happening: Minority neighborhoods pay higher car insurance premiums than white areas with the same risk 

My friends hate me sometimes, but I don't know why. *Looks back on all the terrible puns you made* OOOHH.

I'm having a breakdown bc of hw and she never responds to my dms I don't deserve this 

Idiots in Govt-what if you had Obamacare and your baby boy was struggling to breathe and O care says hmm. not in your ins to pay

I don't understand how someone can be so damn stupid   ‍

I've been trying to ignore all of America for my sanity but oh god we're going to fucking go to war again aren't we?

European Union Tells Hungary and Poland To Accept Mass Migration Or Leave via Geller Report - ... 

Excited to take your family on holiday this Easter, whether the city, beach or bush, the best tailor made packages,… 

We have go to stop ignoring our fellow leaders, volunteers, church goers.... especially when they truly are crying out for help....

Every atrocity by the Assad regime is sure to bring out 2 types: 1. The Assadopologists, who generate tons of nonsense and relativism, and

my ~favorite~ big oil bootlicker, my former congressman, mike fuckin conaway, baby!!! 

horny granny fucked by a woodcutter 

Fucking get in Jansson! Sick of Hernandez though! Prove me wrong lad

Either they were like, 'this chick is so stupid' or they were like 'what is that word and how the hell do you pronounce it?!'

)Office Sex Tales: A Very Personal Assistant Pt 9 - her thoughts of sucking her boss's cock 

Is this news to you? Stay current with all the news from ASU and earn Pitchforks toward great rewards! #Sponsored 

The most important calling in the church is the ONE you serve in currently. Lift where you stand. #PresUchtdorf #ldsconf

What is happening to us is like a miracle. We come from such differen. worlds, but I feel we are made for ealh other.

Twitter should be investigated for contributing to the proliferation of acronyms. It's a bad thing!

A severe thunderstorm WATCH is in effect for our western lying counties until 5pm. 

 That's a lot of phones. And a lot of them are work phones. At least there is decent MDM available.

I asked my friends to get me a free treat they were giving out at Rudder Plaza and they didn't and I've never felt so betrayed

Goin to the hospital tomorrow I know I'm sick of these hoes

I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy. #Rabindranath_tagore

#10: Fidget Spinner Toy Stress Reducer - Perfect For ADD, ADHD, Anxiety, and Autism Adult Children…  #Hand #Tools

BECAUSE ITS MAC FUCKING MILLER 

Mr. Shigeru Ishikawa, Managing Director of Yamaha Motor Pakistan is present at the Launch of YB125Z #YamahaYB125Z… 

Casey Mize brilliant yet again as No. 7 Auburn baseball takes series opener at Texas AandM, 2-1 via /r/wde 

English people should drink less beers. Gibraltar is occupied by pirates since 1704 and they will must go out like… 

Pick An Outfit At Hot Topic And We'll Guess How Old You Are - ichimatsu-boi: gaysorry: rb and say what you... 

Omg   ‍ yes! I'm afraid to commit to anyone there. Niggas so trade   

Does anyone else think, given this opposition, Spain would simply reject EU assistance and beat him to death with Nav… 

Roman can't wrestle u cannot lose to him... come on wwe y'all can't possibly do this 

Did he not admit to stalking Karrueche and saying that he wasn't going to allow her to be happy? 

You're tired of being the responsible one, especially if you m... More for Scorpio 

I have never had cramps so bad in my fucking life.  

THANK you guys so much for 150+ LIKES on TODAY'S upload!!!    

It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that... - Mark Twain 

There is no one on the planet that cares about a flexed v relaxed pose.   fucking ig

ATTI: #MLCampusPM Bus 295 on the Campus PM is departing Downtown to the Lair and Towers: 4/2/2017 2:10:33 PM

More Vintage garden items....bamboo plant table,50s metal and whicker side table, cartwheel hubs available Sat from… 

Yup. Supremes will put an end to that. Also, numbers vastly reduced since Obama. 

Joint Action Committee to meet Kerala CM over #BhavaniIsue  #PinarayiVijayan #Kerala #TamilNadu

Fucking ass hole hai koi girl msg me 

And when he's coming he can wear his Yoruba cloth. Cos I've already predicted if it's not igbo I marry it'll be Yoruba.

I don't have the energy to fight. I'm not going to fight for you to stay. You either want to be in my life or you don't.bI can't change that

Awesomeness April 1 start National Financial Literacy Month and Teach Children to Save. Super excited it's 20th... 

Fucking madness #Wenger2020 

PD Editorial: In banning outdoor pot grows, SR is late to the party  #MedicalDagga

if I'm being nice to you and trying to be a decent person it does NOT mean I want you or want to get w/you

this guy asked who i was cosplaying and when i said kurapika he was like "oh right idk why it took me so long to figure it out" and i'm

Senate Judiciary Committee considers Gorsuch nomination  

That's TOO FUCKING LAZY  ‍ you can't be hungry then b   

I mean...GIVE THE COP A FUCKING PEPSI AND YOU WON'T GET SHOT! RACISM OVER! Terrible.

26 years of hell: Colin Gregg's victims open up about catalogue of abuse #Gateshead  

Dratini available until 01:15:27pm (27m 10s). Dragon Breath / Twister (40.0% - 10/0/8) 

every bih want her a wedding ring but these bitches be fucking on everything - Kodak

Survive a Cross-Country Journey in ‘Dead Man’s Trail’  

Lmfao I hate people sometimes like chill the fuck out 

new app on #appStore at  'Cheesemojis by Murray’s - Murray's Cheese LLC' 

2 volcanos on Earth (located in Russia) erupted spewing ash thousands of meters in the air #ES2232… 

does anyone else just have those days where they literally hit/run over almost every fucking curb? today is that day

 I told Tyrion that we were out of nip. He didnt approve by gutenberger4 #cat #kitten… 

Miss Dashwood?" "No," returned from a grave the prosperity carries you attribute such particulars of situation gained my

Rafael Nadal is already plotting for success in the clay-court season by practicisng hard at his home in Manacor 

Five hundred million fucking pound (£500,000) to change the fucking colour of a fucking passport. You fucking thick… 

can't stand a slutty stupid ass girl bro. Hoes have no morals nowadays.

Descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today, even i... More for Gemini 

No one knows for certain how much impact they have on the lives of other people until that person decided to commit… 

BET NOW with #StanJames and get Bet GBP10 get GBP20 -  

kerping a tab on my health man youre putting me up on a shelf well i believed youre clean but only by seeing your face for myselfffd

#Gladstone #hoe fucking #livejasmin #porn tites #skypesex #nudecam whores #kikhorny #nudeselfies 

Jen Hilman is my fave! I NEED to go to one of her yoga retreats! She has one coming up in Costa Rica and another in Bali! 

Come visit the Anti-corruption and Integrity webportal testing booth #oecdintegrity 

There is no point in negotiating because the price is too high and not what we voted. Walk now... Don't hang about

I cant fucking focus on anything except sasukes dumbass hair uhhguggggfgg

Minimum Viable #SEO: If You Only Have a Few Minutes Each Week... Do This! - Whiteboard Friday 

I posted another naked photo. ! Find my name here  

I FUCKING HATE YALL SELJA AND VERO ARE ON MY TL NOW SJSHBD IM GONNA-

The National Weather Service in Indianapolis has issued a * Tornado Warning for... Northern Delaware County in... 

Havrincourt Chateau - visited by the Kaiser in 1916, destroyed by the Germans in 1917, rebuilt postwar. 

I'm crying real fucking tears how I'm going to explain my lip to my mama   ‍  

This is the fake distorted vile image the GP has seen of Harry. The image he had placed on him. May he show the im… 

I met my first Zora! It's Ledo! I didn't think he'd be hanging out so far from the Domain. What a cute smile!  

We cry for Revolution #Ayo says #AnotherNigeriaIsPossible Posted as received OUR ECONOMY CAN'T TAKE CARE OF... 

In bed surrounded by carbs   please leave a message #fridayvibes #weekendplans #soclose 

[Anpan dayo] osu!std Rank-5(#2598) ACC+0.0%(99.22%) PlayCount+0(21231) SS+0(53) S+0(642) A+0(861) #ort

It could've been a good story. But it was 10 mins of Roman punching him and the occasional spear. Before it suddenly ended.

cooking taps into the same happy point in my brain that composing music does tbh and it's Good especially without a recipe

FREE ACTION PLANNER | 10 Questions to Ask to Improve Your Local Small Business |  #smallbiz 

Revealed: How the Cabinet plotted to exploit EU’s fear of Vladimir Putin during Brexit talks 

#workfromhome ''who say you can't work from home and earn a big buck?''  

Vibrant Tones On the Next Wave of Adidas Iniki Runners  

Canada Building Permits (MoM) (Feb) -2.5% Actual, 5.8% Previous (revised from 5.4%) #CAD 

[  ] Tesla Had A Record Quarter For Production…  | 

Just some Friday inspiration for you   #LoveYourself    

I'll be missing these days due to (TMI) red flag. But I will be back as soon as I will be able to play this pussy. #AlizeeRouge

You apologized dax j and there's absolutely nothing more you need to do. Your intentions were good and the god of these people knows it too.

2017 Leaf Metal Draft Jabrill Peppers State Pride Black Prismatic Auto 03/10  

Good Riddance; time now to end the distractions and get get to the heart of the matter - 45's ties to Russia!!!! 

Well. He'd better look harder at his crooked spouse and what she's doing. Classic case of dumbass 

Fucking professor, why does she have to exploit me like this?  

Some punctuality and some care for the customer well done #Bollywood #pvrkurla and team #naamshabana - 8

Land Rover Defender Hard Top TDCi seker heritage edition only 39000 miles from new VATQ for £14950 

Migos verses and ad-libs deserve some type of fucking award.

I'm frm NH. Let's unpack, ppl frm MA came up here 2 illegally vote, how I'm not sure, risking prison time and $10,000… 

Except she's not got 50p a week, she gets £380 a week in benefits.  . Here's another idea, how about one of you get… 

You ho's and ya hate can stay over there baaaaaaiiiiii

femdom sissy in chastity machine fucked 

I feel like I only want a gf to fill a missing void in my life. I have to be mentally ready for another person to come into my life.

Sometimes your commitment to fulfilling your obligations is re... More for Taurus 

I JUST KAIES BONSENS AND ITWAS SO BORING IM PISSED

Yes! The dumb ass gossip girl Bally is out! Tbossnation I'm proud of you guys! Now #TeamBisola for the money #BBNaija

There are lots of things to do around the house and you can't ... More for Pisces 

Men's NWT Polo Ralph Lauren Germany SS Ruby Shirt MSRP $125 Sz Small Authentic!!  

There was a camera man walking around and filming fans and when Morgan and i went up to buy our merch he filmed us so we might be on the DVD

Hate when I know I have some food in the kitchen, I can taste it, then see it's gone bc somebody's FAT ASS ATE IT!

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

Traveling Through The Dark - Poem by William Stafford Traveling through the dark I found a deer dead on the edge... 

Learn all about food grade #FIBCs and #BRC Certification  #foodgrade 

back when I straightened my hair almost every week and tried way too hard, who even is this person. 

OF COURSE YOU HAVE FLO RIDA WITH YOU TONIGHT, PITBULL... #DeletePitbull #DeleteFloRida #Wrestlemania

If you're looking for work in #Akron, OH, check out this #job:  #FacilitiesMgmt #Hiring

#commerce RT uscensusbureau: The #2020Census is 3 years away! Learn about our preparations for the most technologi… 

Yeah my trust all fucked up! Y'all lie for no reason   ‍

Plus that's $400 for the pro and another $500 for a Scorpio. Might have just bought a fucking $900 PC.  

I may not go out all the time, but meeting up with close friends for dinner at the bar tonight was perfect. 

My reaction when I got boss email on Saturday night, which written: I need this KRA sheet by monday 9:30 am without… 

Oops, that vibrator with a camera is super easy to hack Do you want the entire world to get a very up close and … 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

no matter what you fucking say or what you do, i'm done! gone.

One Of The Simplest Ways To Stay Happy; Just Let Go Of The Things That Makes You Sad. #ALDUB90thWeeksary

What are investors thinking?! Insights on priced rounds  #angelinvesting #angelfunding #startup #entrepreneur .

Which character (this season) did you fall in love the … — It's a tie between Kana from #maidragon and Satania fro… 

This Word Test Will Reveal If You're More Tough Or Sensitive :  

That game day feeling! Pinewood soccer back at it with another huge regional match vs First… 

This Officer Decided To Upload Her Naked Photo While On Duty. The Result? Ouch... 

Five people charged over attack on teenage asylum seeker at a bus stop in Croydon, south London, police say  BBCBre…

2nd Qtr 2017 time to bury 2016 and 15  #videographer #Norcross #DuluthGA #Lawrenceville… 

Social media 'teen death groups' encouraging suicides sweep across Russia prompting 57 percent increase in youngste 

We won't have to. These stupid kool-aid drinkers will get us into it bigtime. Where is the God damned proof, idiots? 

You're finally safe from your phone is draining fast from Shia LaBeouf He's following you, about 30 feet

i really hate yall niggas thats all 

I feel like.... You would be Jack... Have you seen Ozzy and Jack's world tour? It is literally us. 

I'm the type to feel bad for making someone else feel bad even though they should be feeling bad. Shit is stressful

Now Playing: Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark  #music #radio #internet #90s

On the first Saturday of each month from April through November, the City of Adel will conduct a test of its four... 

NigeriaNewsdesk: Muslim Births Expected to Outpace Christian Births Within 20 Years  via h… 

This old mans pub is the best place I've ever been a old guy just told me n my pals we look like little mix    

That one ugly hoe that even the hoe culture doesn't wanna accept

#iPhone #Case Metallic Zebra Print Red Ribbon and Monogram Glossy iPhone 6 Plus Case: Metallic Zebra Print Red…  #Sale

Can someone pls tell me why my annoying ass has a crush on someone omg I gtg.

Drexel professor wanted to 'vomit' after service member given courtesy on plane  Fire him now Drexel!

[Roseville Chase] Gyarados (M) (IV: 33%) until 08:00:09PM at 24B Ormonde Rd  

Rugby trader prosecuted for selling fake weight loss devices  

3 #SocialMedia Trends That Need to Be on Your Radar for the Rest of This Year - 

Orlando nears loan deal with Queretaro for Luis Gil - sources  

Trees cover up a multitude of sins. Her lies is deadly. She will leave you trembling for more. Envy.

I HATE people who think they can just post endings and shit about shows/movies. You are the worst type of person. 

Sean Spicer on Fire! 'There's a Clearer Connection to Russia With Hillary Than There is Trump (VIDEO) 

It's not only thundering outside but inside as well because i broke the cup.   

What are the chances Trump's insecurities and ego affects #Gorsuch when he outshines the idiot? Treat him like… 

Our Upper Hunter Committee Wellbeing Officers have been out and about lately visiting their rugby league community… 

Sometimes your commitment to fulfilling your obligations is re... More for Taurus 

Contact and Context: New Directions in Gestalt Coaching illustrating what is distinctive about Gestalt coaching -… 

triple pantyhose feet threesome fucking footjob 

Why did I buy these ugly ass shoes 

HANNITY - OBAMA ADMIN ADMITS TRUMP SURVEILLANCE | 3/29/17 OPENING MONOLO...  #YouTube #FoxNews

QasimAdvanced Hi Qasim, thanks for getting in touch. Could you confirm which search queries you're testing? -Adi

Not, "Isn't it fucked up 20-somethings are taking on mortgage sized student loans while professors working 60 hours a week can't make rent?"

TANTE4D #TogelOnline #BandarTogel #TogelTerpercaya Nasirullah5itam the 1st mention of 'Karimunjawa' appears on your TL. Now is Trending Top…

Hack by ur dope ass girlfriend. I love you more than anything, I'm so lucky to call you mine handsome. #mymcmeveryday

exactly.... this is blatant stupidity. and don't none of y'all draft "experts" tell me how deep this draft is at CB 

There is so much confusion and so many assumptions about Advance Directives that can cause stress and heartache... 

I fucked niggas bitches how could I trust mines   ‍

You're the happiest when you are free to flit from one activit... More for Gemini 

Government should give opportunities to all people equally but not a privilege to people of specific castes or religion.

Not even in my dreams have I seen Chelsea losing to Crystal Palace. This was surely a wake up… 

Clash hi to h hone do And don't abuse each others. Baitards n jaadu n klwa fans maje le Rahe h. So all akkians n SRKians support each other

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

#10: Gold Tone Enameled Child of God Religious Lapel Pin Pendant, 3/4 Inch: Gold Tone Enameled…  #Brooches #Pins

|| I don't want this account to die. I don't want it to be a RTs and food pics account. I don't want it to be an only banter account. I -

Rob Gronkowski shrugs off Broncos’ comments about low...  #RobGronkowski 

My mom so aggravating every time I like a car she got a funk ass attitude about it and ruin my mood but she stay getting hype bout cars

Get $50 free ride credit, enter this code: 239B29 in the Promo tab app. Download and ride!  

Handmade cute fabric rabbit girl - dressed in a stripe and denim combo, flower…  #Etsy #Tilda 

The White House: Syria Attack a Result of Obama's 'Weakness'... more Video-> 

Miss Me Signature Boot Cut Jeans Rhinestone Distressed Dark Stretch Size 31 X 32  

Our NICU facilities and highly trained staff are at-the-ready to provide the best care for high-risk newborns to support your family (2/2)

Feeling bored during your MRI? Your scan doesn't have to be boring with these tips to liven up your appointment:… 

Ladies and Gentlemen, Victoria Soliz has fucked up once again

You gon get fucked in Atlanta 

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

Blackberries are high in gallic acid, rutin and ellagic acid, a known chemopreventative, with anti-vir 

Labour must be bold – universal benefits offer a popular way forward | Abi Wilkinson 

If nobody got me, I GOT ME   I'm down for ME. I'm loyal to ME. I take care of ME. I motivate ME. It'll always be ME  

Like tf I don't even know how to cook a turkey. It ain't thanksgiving, all the things in the world to make and she gets a turkey   ‍ 

I voted for #OnePlus3T as India's Best Rated Smartphone. Participate and you can win Rs 1 crore #OneCroreOnePlus 

Become a doer, a mover and a shaker. Let them see you and wonder. Make 2017 the year you finally start making a difference. Become a legend.

My mentality being a veteran and before being a veteran is Evel Knievel which means I'm going out in a ball of fire if I have to

The highest form of knowledge is empathy, for it requires us to suspend our individuality and live in another’s world.

Consumer Credit Counseling in Missouri   Free Consumer Credit Counseling in Missouri call …

#IvankaTrump doesn't know what the definition of "complicit" is but has access to the most classified information on the planet

Raising awareness of #irondeficiency from primary to specialist services - How to implement #pbm 

Sally was stolen on 6.3.2017 from Orchard Park, Cambridge She is a black/white border collie and is very much missed 

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

Drink yourself to emptiness...Pour another glass of happiness...A drift from reality...Paradise in a bottle of whiskey...

This Is How You Become Unattractive And You’re Not Aware of It...  

2015 BLACK GOLD FOOTBALL 3BOX PLAYER BREAK Steven Jackson #7  

These ANCYL morons don't know that the other morons from the DA are no longer marching to the Luthuli House on Friday. Aaai!

That in many cases the gap between Roman and Orthodox is deeper than even some Protestant denominations, such as High Anglican and Reformed

selling an acc with 54k followers for paypal money! ; sell trade trading dms dm php load access rare ultra semi com… 

April showers got you blue? Go vote so we can get to number 2! (horrible poet attempt) 

    "devil is that you? Are you trying to ruin my leave using the one with the dreads?"       

I could watch The Fifth Element a million times and not get tired of it. Don't know why. — watching The Fifth Element

ACCS Meeting Webcasts - Advisory Commission on Charter Schools (CA Dept of Education) 

Cause I promise u when I'm almost famous She blow this thing, get wit it It's like that You're gonna love the joy I wanna

Your to-do list is extensive today as you optimistically attem... More for Scorpio 

24 year 6 children show responsibility for their own learning... and a car park full of dedicated colleagues.… 

At Denny's and awkwardly listening on some guys conversation about cosplay for Wondercon..... Lol. What are the odds  

but people are mad that we sent 60 missiles at the air field where they make the Sarin   

hate once a year betters, either stay up till 4am betting on virtual racing like the rest of us or fuck off

No cow will be killed in Kerala, BJP's Surendran hardens stand while BJP candidate in Malappuram promised halal beef 

DOVER, NJ. Hiring manager is reviewing applications right now for Environmental Services Technician, Full Time... 

Istg my mom says that i cand handle money. But all she buys is things to smoke and for the cats. WHAT DO I NEED TO EAT

We Turnt In This Hotel    Mf Donald's Than Fucked Up Putting Up In This Bitch  

As a bike fan sad we didn't see the end of the scrap but as a Johnny fan get fucking in there 5 for 5

A little Straight Edge Positive Mental Attitude for Steph... Thank you so much! #tattoo… 

Dem boys perma camped out before Walmart on rt 1 not slick nor they catching the likes of me slipping at all.. I   yall

We should encourage innovation and partnership to ensure Small Businesses have access to as many options as possible 

If at one point I considered you a friend, I will always consider you as a friend and you can always come to me no matter how long it's been

Are you fucking kidding??? You had a panel to discuss women's rights with NO WOMEN!!!!! 

Delete Account Hello, I would like to delete my wordpress account and all data associated with it. Thanks for your… 

You covet quality time spent with your circle of friends today... More for Cancer 

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

The point of the egg was to symbolize the start of your bird life. The tweet button is a feather and the home icon… 

#President #Trump #strange: He had dinner with President XI to the missiles went over the last catch 

You don't want to take anyone's word for anything today. You m... More for Aries 

Fliss Kitson (the Nightingales) top 8 favourite drummers... - Louder Than War 

If my husband doesn't ice out my baby mentally, emotionally and physically like Khalid I don't want em

Damn look at this fucking spider I found in my bathroom 

Virtual Reality Sex Dolls Can Be Programmed. Is The End Of Prostitution Next? 

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

I'm Enraged By Peeps On Pizza And You Should Be Too.. Related Articles:  

#xarifandri - Jamie Darnell is now following me on Twitter!  

Thank God finally got links readable and text in the Mission/Blog/Platform page of our #Veteransunitedmarch website 

If ever there was a #wwe performer who could draw me back in, it's Finn Balor. Pure, unadulterated talent. Wow!… 

BNWT Lululemon Heat The Street Onesie - Bordeaux Drama - Size 6  

#NowPlaying on #70vibefm: Take The Boogae Or Leave It by A Taste Of Honey - Get RadioApp:  

Like I swear and I'll make an account for her but MON fucking lewd I'll make her fucking asexual.

Will Kivi ever fucking learn our powerplay tactics don't work! #ilves

Start first disclosing all the corruption that has been going on WAY BEFORE President Trump. No integrity Sir. U ch… 

3 Events left! - We hope to see you at (at least) one of their final 4 events to celebrate #RockOfAgesLeeds  … 

Some of the stalwarts in the music biz on the Board. Hope record labels scale a lot of peaks in the years to come u… 

Rejected title for episode 403: “The Dark Heart of Darkness Before Dusk But Never Dark Again, Darkness Returns Befo… 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Welp since they always set me up to be the ignorant, might get your dumb ass blocked, chill button broke, annoying af ass fan...ayo sis  

What the fuck as that everton keeper been taking absolutely atrocious keeping all day #efc

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive shots of Skypiea's "Kami," Eneru!  #TreCru 

titty fucking and blowjobs 

Stop playing #sport #sports and watch a new movie (2017) here:  

Mourinho possibly coming out of this season with even less credit than Wenger. Special effort to be fair to him

Normally, you're more than happy to go along with a friend on ... More for Sagittarius 

can kangin fucking drive me over and kill me please

Abhinandan of Central as wel state government for making air travel with in the reach of common man now it's not a monopoly of Rich

Worst thing about Keith Stroud is that you can't even give him a childish name that rhymes with his. The useless cunt

never understood the term "pussy power" till now... damn you boys are desperate

Breaking! Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn Offers to Testify on Russia for Full Immunity, Congress 

There must be a positive way to say "fuck it" to some things because that's where life is bringing me to at this point

That's why I was #NeverBinary during the election, and remain #NeverBinary now 

Swear on my life some fucking body puts me in a bad fucking mood every day of my damn life.

Nic is having the christening in like 4 months so we both have time to diet and look good, i love it

someone really fucking stole my glasses like wtf ????

Kids who are NOT fully verbal can ALSO enjoy people hanging out and doing things with them (source: Childperson right here)

#NFL National Treasures Signatures Autograph #Colts #AndrewLuck 06/25 2015  #Quarterback 

I'm sitting here bedazzled by the changes I'm experiencing in my attractions, sexuality and it's relationship to my gender. Woah.

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

It's really sad when something was finally working out and people get in that persons head and changes their mind.

We gone talk about this, I got time today, y'all hoes just going to have to be mad this morning

Me, coughing n dying: what if when i go to university if i live on campus i dont have any friends when i go and have to live w/ a STRANGER

In #Amsterdam to hear about the city's #entrepreneurship, #innovation and sharing #economy.… 

Singapore orders Indian imam’s expulsion for remarks against Christians, Jews 

Ian Wright sums up Tottenham’s performance in one word,... #Tottenham  #tottenham

Lmaooooooooooooooo fucking isaiah fell out the truck      

Bruh no wtf exactly everyone wants a static shock movie no more Spider-Men rn 

it reminds me of those fucking lego creator games from 17 years ago

Fresh Mix Friday: You need to hear the queer punk rockers of PWR BTTM | Arts News for…  

In short, Trump is the demon of our puritanical sickness. Why did we give a fuck who he fucked? Why was he hated for love?

WHAT IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE YO?!    I just got home from the grocery store and while I'm at the checkout I dropped... 

01/04/17 - Early showers, then largely dry with spells of sunshine. Max 12c Wind SW 12mph Chance of precip: 20% Min 6c

#Russia supplying the Taliban is gonna make it even more weird when it comes out that 45 is in bed with the Russians

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 493 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

Normally, you're more than happy to go along with a friend on ... More for Sagittarius 

why are there birds chirping at fucking 5:50am, go to sleep

Once upon a time I kicked a girl out because I thought she farted while we was fucking  

Wedding Belle's Contestants Katie Brooks and Spencer Pehonsky share their love story: Spencer and I met in... 

ItsFoodPorn: RT HistoryInPix: BEST ‘Seinfeld’ Quotes Fans Still Use Today.. 

i woke up 5 minutes before 3:00 fucking greattt :-)

 EYE FUCKING CONIC 

BBCSport: Jenson Button will be back behind the wheel of a Formula 1 car in August. Read the Formula 1 gossip:… … 

I'm fucking hungry i didn't get to eat no breakfast  

I wouldn't say it's rancorous or bitterness/jealousy. It's really just ignorant and makes no sense. 

African time by cost, rather late then never but its not good when you have investors and voters. Will remember in 2019

I'm gettig these random hits of euphoria when i realize that all the tough shit, all of it. about to end soon. Allah. InshaAllah

"...yet, someone has made billions by magically anticipating the mood swings of the president, and shorting this country into the toilet."

2/2 Status Updates here  Journey Planner  Suggestions/ Complaints 

But while they would support of walking over in her writing! and sanguine; but when alluded to, and her pace and then think

Yooooo vans got these sick ass velvet oxblood slip onnnnssssss         

Found a Transponder Snail! A tearful farewell: The Going Merry's last voyage.  #TreCru 

#scandal you guys just made episodes 7 and 9 for children. Hell, even children won't believe that sh*t.

I just told this chick if her moms pulled off the mystifying trick of convincing her she was cute then anything can be done  Gurlllll bye

#worldNews Tired of abuse, Pakistani feminists ride bikes to claim public space 

The vision of a leader may be extraordinary, but almost all the work to get there is low key and ordinary. #vision #leadbiz

Just catching up on #emmerdale Laughing at Roberts "I'll just uncaringly go and pay for hotels and flights"

Sucker-punching? Stealing? Get another hobby. You're horrible at this. Nuclear Option was created by Dem Senate maj… 

Pence just spoke at a plant in Ohio and the crowd size and non-claps was cringeworthy! Looked like the people were dragged there kicking!

Aint this the fucking truth!!! 

cigarettes are disgusting, and weed just smells so bad. hate when people smoke that shit everyday. but do you i gue… 

the current itself wasn't enough to move the cymbal and generate sound waves so i got creative with a loudspeaker driver

A fantastic music scene, great shopping and oh, revered barbecue: Welcome to Kansas City  

Thoughts as I revisit that/make Nate listen to me talk about taxation: 1) Is a commissioner really surprised by any question asked by a fan?

This tip made me think of you: "Essential Oils For Allergies"  

who else gets chisme when they go inside their local gas station  those ladies that work there are my best friends I swearrrrr

Our awesome teaching intern Daryl is talking symbols and semiotics today... 

In time I hope that old #Bluehand obtain a proper education. #NewBluehand #Education 

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

Hey Wannapreneurs!Join us tomorrow to learn "How to build a Wow product" from pioneers.Register at… 

Merits Of Kamada Ekadashi Fast   Fulfil all desires  Blesses married couples with child.  Get relief from all sins #BodyServicingDay

Read my lips. We're pushing for idiotic #ANC leaders to get rid of corrupt ZUMA. The rest is up to them. If they d… 

2day I cry.Me n God don sign am,I knw say u dey see the post no let my enemies laugh me. Pls 4giv my sins n enrich my bag

#3gp fucking clips webs porn 

How to Treat a Person With Chronic Illness - A Step-By-Step Guide:  #chronicpain #chronicillness #spoonie Please RT

"Tears Are Not Enough" by ABC •  • Shared with  

Marocaine couple caught fucking at the beach 

Alzheimer's presentation set April 17 in Fargo: FARGO—The Alzheimer's Association will…  

'Brown girl' poetry act blows the lid off society's misogyny  

#rookie Keon Broxton Lot (16) RC 2016 Topps Heritage High # Brewers Base Rookie Cards  

Wind 4.8 kts NNW. Barometer 1011.18 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 13.0 °C. Rain today 8.6 mm. Humidity 99%

451 Research argues ‘formidable’ #Azure continues to close gap on #AWS  

Sorbet, April 6, 2017 "standing on the back deck with the daughter" -  Look up...way up.

[PHOTOS, VIDEO] At Least 58 Including Children Killed In Chemical Attack In Syria -  

I think they both said really horrible things to each other but they can get passed it if they try. #PumpRules

CLIENTS and DESIGNERS PLEASE READ! IMPORTANT INFO ABOUT HOW MUCH SH!T YOU SHOULD OR SHOULDN'T PUT ON YOUR FLYERS! 

The Prophet (pbuh) said that he was the best to his family. It’s a lesson for all the brothers – be the best to your families.

Quote by: Ernest Hemingway "Prose is architecture, not interior decoration, and the Baroque is over."… 

And this line of thinking can be abused, e.g. "The conditions are so bad that we must meet evil with evil."

#Baking #Delicious Third time's the charm? Finally got a Japanese strawberry shortcake to turn out…… 

Lana Del Rey is a weirdly appropriate soundtrack to writing a Victorian ghost story while staying in a tribal casino in rural Washington.

Hunters in the Snow - Sopwith Camels, 10 (Naval) Sqn 1917 by Laurence Hemming 

I pick my Grand National horse from the names of the horses! #HowDoYouPickYours 

i opened my dms so if anyone has anything to ask/tell me instead of talking behind my back go ahead lol

MHFA teaches how to recognize signs and symptoms of mental health problems, provide help, guide a person to appropriate professional help

So looks like my part of the planet is probably gonna get gang banged by the weather tomorrow... so im expecting names like...

Security ramped up at Aintree for Grand National 2017 opening day with armed police and car checks… 

This girl was like I ain't know you was into bitches like that and I chuckled. And said if only you knew the half of it  

New post (FUT CHAMPIONS Z 4 LEGENDAMI! WALCZYMY O TOP100!) has been published on News Live Today -… 

Not my favorite Tyler album but definitely his creative peak so far in my opinion. This shit was on non stop repeat when it came out.

New details emerge about 2014 Russian hack of the State Department: It was ‘hand to hand combat’ 

Sometimes it's a hood-toque-hood day. #fishmongerlife #actorlife #twopairsofsocks… 

Do you always eat lunch on the roof, senpai? I-I’d love to join you but I’m not very good with heights… m-maybe another time?

LINK:  Have you #read the #shortstory ?Cardinal Rule? #DeluxeEdition 

Glee- The Complete First (1st) Season- 7 Discs- TV- NEW  

I really hate when my dad wake me up over some bullshit  

If that's true then why should the public pay for NHL players to participate in the Olympics in South Korea? 

Ever wonder how to create the perfect gather ever time? Let's learn some tips to create the perfect gathering! 

Fasho... Exact reason why a lot of my "friends" are gone now! It's for the best though...  

UFC 190: Ronda Rousey Open Workout Session (Complete) -  

An active lifestyle begins earlier than you realize. Keep your kids active with these tips:  #FitFam

Boys Will Be Boys: The Glory Days and Party Nights of the Dallas Cowboys Dynasty (Unabridged) - ... #Sports 

Guys, that was just... not good. Right? I just don't know how to feel right now. 

unknown: Larvitar  35.6% (1/13/2 - Bite/Crunch - s:tiny) til 12:36:36(20m 51s). 

I need to know more about happened to alex :--( and oh bryce rotting in hell HAHA 

#AgentsofSHIELD has been top fucking quality from start to finish this season and there's a chance it could not get… 

Guidance: Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own u… (Proverbs 3:5-6) 

Also, before I go, an day old joke: I'll fade away and classify myself as GLORIOUS! Okay, bye now. 

Minor Flood Warning issued for the Clarence River at Grafton  

What a beautiful day. This is my favourite part of my garden, my little bluebell walk      

Little Tikes Count 'n Play Cash Register for $8 + pickup at Walmart - CNET #Facebook #android #app go to 

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

I just finished all of the Shameless that's on Netflix and I AM FUCKING SCREAMINGGGGGGG BITTTTTTTTTCCCCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

#MascomTop8 #FINAL GOAL: Christopher Musonda Musonda restores Galaxy lead with a lovely flick. Galaxy3-2 Orapa #90Plus

And he said" for the safety of our workers no flash photography is allowed "bihhhhhhhhhhhhhh this is fucking get out

Trade with the best indicators    $SIRI $WMB $ED $PCAR $MTB $WDC $BEN $HSY $VFC $NWL 

White House reveals Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner wealth - Financial disclosures cover around 180 top US admin... 

I really can't wait for us to get to a point where we can enjoy various works of art and not feel the need to right a think piece on it.

I stay away from shady people or try to that's why I stay in my own castle alone and keep to my self  

#obese cumshots girls getting fucked by tentacles 

Pro-Trump radio host: George Soros is head of ‘Jewish mafia’ - Jones was responding to a caller to his... 

Interested in a #job in #Charlotte, NC? This could be a great fit:  #Banking #Veterans… 

Slowly getting that bootie back. Celebrate the small gains!    

Mother and daughter fucked in the kitchen 

#CitizenBear Larry Bradley linking drug violence to the Prohibition is... Interesting. Lower drinking age would be interesting tho. XD

He said Ima bad communication ass bitch well damn   

Aimee Mann Finds 'Mental' Health Returning to a Quieter Solo Career  

::: with so intense colours life in #falowiec couldn't be boring ;) | this is #gdansk, poland… 

Me before... boy have I grown from this! WON'T get taking advantage of NO MORE! 

LukaCopelli : The Rock, Vin Diesel reportedly being kept apart on ‘Fate of the Furious’ press tour … 

Comment Responses: Are Netflix Series Our Most Important Media? (pls RT↺) ️️ 

I feed my moms dog hills food she loved it and her dimeanor has changed drastically #HillsPetCrowd #sponsored 

YES: Trump to pursue next piece of agenda WITHOUT PAUL RYAN!  

Social activities may be on the calendar today, but you aren't... More for Virgo 

F3701: Japanese Wooden Lacquer ware Drawer CHEST OF DRAWERS Buddhist art  

As long as no one is held accountable for crime against humanity these attacks will continue so ending impunity is… 

Sick of all this photoshop, show me an ass with some stretchmarks.

I love u all friends .. Because friendship is the only circle in which a person can share every type of secret.ance again Love u all .ba by

U.S. Stock Futures Begin Final Day of Month Below March Highs  #stocks 

Secrets are best kept inside you, sharing them will backfire so much. The exposure, the fact that other people will know too much about you

Shakira Honored with Second Annual 'Telemundo Innovation Award' at TECLA AWARDS 

When you think you're getting a lay in but your manager changes your shift to an early last minute         

Italian white truffles are known for its rich and earthy flavors that lends a distinctive experience to the... 

It's always nice to receive flowers when u are feeling unwell...      #Flowers #happythursday 

Nigerian Model Demi Grace Becomes the First Woman with Locs to Appear in Pantene’s Campaign  

As long as violence is considered lawful, people cannot have good and rational lives. #MassiveWaterShortage #WelcomeToNawabshah #SBA #PTI

If we had proof of an afterlife with no pain, sickness, evil would everyone kill themselves to go there? Is that why we don't know?

[Central Water Catchment] Venusaur (M) (IV: 51%) until 12:39:55AM at Mandai Rd Track 7  

I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: Judge disciplined for offering to pay teenage girl's fine - 

Nubian Goddess Fucking A Horny Stud 

ALL WORTHING TOGETHER AS ONE FOR A BIG GAME AT WOODSIDE. TIME TO BUILD ON TUESDAYS RESULT. THE… 

Idiot populists pretending to be Bond villains, know this - you're terrible at government so be careful not to win… 

You hope to retreat to your office and work in relative silenc... More for Aquarius 

According to a WhoWhatWhy exposé, published Thursday on AlterNet, the FBI declined to inform the U.S. public... 

HOW DID WE LET TRUMP GET ELECTED IM SO FUCKING DISGUSTED HOW IS THIS REALITY

Senior Accountant - Investment Accounti… job at Equity Office - Chicago  #Indeed #jobs

As long as Ukraine’s security issues are unsolved, the reformers’ achievements can also be meaningless. 

I just wanna shout out my friends!! Love y'all and I'll see you guys soon        

Planned roadworks in the North West: summary for Monday 3 to Sunday 9 April 2017 - 

BREAKING: #Bahrain king approves constitutional amendment that allows civilians to be tried in military courts. 

Every single time some idiot opens their idiot mouth....FML!! #idiots #canttakethestupidanymore #gonnaloseit 

#sidehustle is everything in the business, even for those at "top"Rising opera singer is a master of the side hustle 

#SRHvRCB combo2 Black Samurai Steel BLUE LED Digital Watch +black Ultra Thin LED digital 249… 

I AM SO CONFUSED AND CAN'T EXPLAIN IT BECAUSE I DON'T WANT TO SPOIL IT FOR ALL OF YOU 

bubur boo-boor => porridge, bubur cha cha is our special yam and sweet potato porridge... lol. Funny article -… 

This woman married a man with 2 other wives and she's now jealous about the fact that he's had a baby with another wife  

I've spent the first two hours of my day listening to heavy metal, so I'm pretty sure I could beat a bear in cage m… 

On a visit to Viceland’s “Desus and Mero” Foster talked about how much cannabis can benefit football players. 

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

Five people wounded in shooting at Northern California party, suspect arrested  

You are going through. Whatever demon you face know that you are much bigger than it. And know that someone loves you dearly.

Cyborgs at work: employees getting implanted with microchips  PROPHECY ALERT; The mark of the beast''

I wish we could get them to stand up for the disabled and speak out against MCOs making millions off of them 

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of the Pirate Empress Boa Hancock!  #TreCru 

Joyce Levine named chair of National Council for Geocosmic Research - Wicked…  #astrology

The pretty coral colors in this room are perfect for spring! If you were to redecorate your bedroom, what... 

They say Cancers are emotional and sensitive..well I'm mean asf and I'm no where near emotional lol I dgaf    ‍

You long to be the center of attention, but you can take your ... More for Leo 

Snapchat is still widely known for attracting younger users, but older people are increasingly flocking to the app. 

not without its drawbacks, but perhaps council could advise KCPD to deprioritize and stop targeting black men in en… 

circa 1930 FRENCH ANTIQUE HENRI II OAK and PINE SIDEBOARD BUFFET CABINET HUTCH  

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

Re post match iv's 1/ it's not about you 2/ don't use 100 words when 10 will do 3/ ask a question, not a statemen… 

Yesterday's NNN made me like Paul Kim so muchhh I didn't know this masterpiece existed 

it also pisses me of that steve bannon looks like my dad bc i look like my dad and... you get... the... horrifying... picture

My dumbass knew I fucking KNEW there was gonna be no benches at the gym rn but noooo I had to fkn come  

EMI PUTON,emily fucking me my neighbor neighbors 

Went to work at 530.... Only got paid for working from 9-4. Makes no fucking sense. And im tired. And hungry. And aint caught my nu....nvmd

death in paradise is on aussie netflix :) i mean, i have the whole series on dvd but still... yes :) :) :)

BBC News: BBC witnesses IS using human shields - BBC News  |  

When your meant to bring out a video today...but you can't really be bothered and kinda stuck on ideas

The boats, Mr Carter and Mr Jack have arrived safely in Banyoles. Waiting for the girls to arrive shortly to start… 

The JV Lady Bulldogs and Bulldogs Track teams will compete today at School of the Osage at 4pm. Good luck!!!

WHERE THE FUCK AM I GETTING ALL THESE FOLLOWS. YOU GUYS DO KNOW I AM A SHUT IN WHO SCREAMS LOUDLY AND LAUGH AT AWFUL PUNS RIGHT?

#tamilnadu village girls fucking alice and jasper sex 

 - steviephil Go for it! Just remember to credit us with a link to the image source -- an… 

IOGT International Daily Courier is out!  Stories via UNODC #letstalk #worldhealthday

Dear Gravity, I hope you enjoyed what was left of my daughter's birthday cake. Funny how you always win. Sincerely, A Clumsy Mom

LT Col John E Howard - US Mint Pewter Coin America's First Medals w/ COA  #ebay #coins #money

At least somebody knows !!!   ‍ people be pissing me off with that 

Timing Affirmation: The Sun knows when to shine. The rose knows when to bloom. I know this is my time!

the sad reality is i've been supposed to be doing HW since about 10am and haven't touched a thing Idk why i'm doing this

That Ben and Jerry money ain't going to black communities, black schools, black centers, black churches, black Nonprofits lol

#FLpmhCon2017 No OB codes for just #anxiety or #depression in AHCA! That offers a reason for why OBs aren't treating during pregnancy!

girl fucking in allahabad #hardcore definition 

My life is fucking crazy and always on the run!   — feeling crazy

Bitch I am shook. He really was about to do the thing Sam my innocent happy child u deserve better 

#ThingsGetEasierWhen you love her for who she is and the man she knows you'll become. That's so deep I don't even know what it means.

Just finished celebrating for Mississippi state women's game.. I don't even watch women's basketball but OH MY GOD. #FinalFour

you're a Mayan, I don't even know how you show your fucking face in 2013.

Same for Drake. He made liking BBW a little more cool. My dating options increased. I'm pleased. Keep it a hunnid

So if you are not romantic you are gigantic     ‍  ‍ I can't do this to my intellect   ‍  ‍#DateMyFamily

Why is mother nature mad? Somebody must have pissed her off! Its rainingg hard af!

tyler gogan just kissed my cheek and said "i can't wait to go to prom with the sexiest person in the place" if that's not game idk what is

I was talking on the phone while driving with my dad next to me and he got mad to the point where he told me to pull over so he can drive  

or would you go and buy a car shrug your shoulders, say "there you are she didn't love me anyway if she had she would have stayed"

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

you know what. Prison Break would've ended satisfactorily and wouldn't need a 5th season if they didn't make the fucking stupid movie

 Home from a great weekend seeing my wonderful friends, celebrating a wedding, and even taking a… 

We made it to FRIDAY. How's everyone feeling? We're going to be heading out the office like – 

Czech girl nailed by thick dick by nasty stranger for cash 

There's no time to discriminate.... Hate every motherfucker that's in your way!  

Sean Spicer Scolds Media for ‘Lack of Interest’ in Susan Rice Story  

Lucil: "Unfortunately, he is planning a mission of great import and will be occupied well into the night."

Camila if ​​you see this, I want you to know that I love you and that I will always support you. Miss u   

oh and if you smoke because you like the aesthetic, well shit man. I think u should get the fuck away from me, u pretentious prick

Cause he was just a dick and i knew it. Got me going mad sitting in this chair.

How Carly Fiorina’s Near-Death Experiences Made Her More Pro-Life | Exclusive Interview with ‘EWTN Pro-Life Weekly’ 

If You Ever Leave Me For Someone Who Did You Dirty Them Bitch You Drunk   

I always forgive people when they don't deserve it lol I start missing them and get all soft no matter how badly they fuck me over

Dear Citizen, Let us not complain about the Guptas in SA. There is something simple YOU can do. Boycott the upcoming event hosted by the…

Proud father moment tonight during family devotions: Listening to my 11 year old son pray for the salvation of my son still in the womb.

How Miami Dolphins fans and players got #NewMiami trending on social media - Palm Beach Post (blog) 

Rachel McAdams Begins Filming 'Game Night' in Atlanta!  

Wash away the summer morning lethargy with a glass of water. #DrinkWater #Summer #HealthCare #ZydusCare… 

From crisp champagne to pink-infused platinum, these are the top looks to consider before your salon appointment. 

Find your spirit, and no challenge will keep you from achieving your goals. - Christopher Penn #quote

Horny Shemale Fucking Bareback with Boyfriend 

I'm just gonna stop tagging Tristen in stuff because I don't think he pays attention to it anywayyyyysssss

I need to be careful with the decoy breakfast choices I offer. Not sure how long my kid will believe the store was out of grilled bear.

=On Facebook= Me: ( Posts ) Kaden. . .? Friend: What about Sahil? Me: I just said Kaden's name, the fuck's the issue with that?

who's shocked that a douchebag BC student is going to class in nothing but sunglasses and a Burberry robe during a thunderstorm

Can we hear more about Gen. "Misha" Flynn and that Grad student? That's the type of scandal Americans can understand.

─ speaks to me with such "kind" words such as "ugly!" "omg youre so ugly!" "shut up!" (totally loveable) ─ can rock any hairstyle and outfit

Final: Ducks 4 Blackhawks 0. ANA: R Rakell 1 goal, ANA: J Gibson 37 saves. (ESPN) 

ITS MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY bust out the vodka and chicken nuggets!

Nothing like a 10K walk to clear the cobwebs and get my thoughts in order. Today is another day. I'm still moving forwards not backwards     

Your life is a study of extremes today. On one hand, you're in... More for Virgo 

#70's porn magazines videos of moms fucking 

You're known for your resilience, and you're apt to put it to ... More for Capricorn 

Jenny Slate in Dolce and Gabbana at the 'Gifted' LA Premiere  

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

Soldier Comes Home After 3 Years And Finds His Little Sister Home Alone! What Happens Next Will Blow Your Mind! 

why did the cat do a shit in my dressing room, on the cream carpet! BAD CAT!

the girl you care about probably fucking somebody tonight so just go play some 2k and go to bed

Brunette lesbians fucking with strapon 

Awesome night with the State College Chapter NWTF! — attending State College NWTF Hunting Heritage Banquet

"Most writers regard the truth as theiu most valuable possession, and therefore are mjst economical in its use." Mark Twain

Ok so all in all I loved Rogue One. They did some fanservicey shit i didn't care for but overall it was fantastic

pathetic loser, pissing on his toothbrush then brushing his teeth with it, all the while letting me rinse him. pigg… 

Did You Know: No one has ever won the par three tournament and the Masters Tournament in the same year. #Masters

If Coutinho is out then we truly have an injury nightmare. Sturridge needs to step up big time. #LFC

Ohh children song!   Now working in a child care centre,do know quite a lot of English children song

The winning bidders will work with HS2 on detailed plans for three brand new stations, at Birmingham Curzon Street,…

Modern Life, Old Inspiration! The Chimney House By Dekleva Gregoric Arc  via… 

Harvard study: When telling a story, aim for clarity over cutting edge  

Use the $60 billion a useless high speed railway will cost and do the state responsibility of taking of your own in… 

Today has been a good reminder that moving a career shortstop to second base isn't as easy as it sounds. Not just "Shortstop Lite."

I'm shy to take mirror pics at school so I hate when I'm trying to take one and bitches come in  

Mauro Ranallo interrupted the wedding of Shane McMahon with a five star frog splash in winnipeg you idiot

The #AprilFools' Day has passed, please come back to believing any news is real. Thanks. #trueSADstory

When You Get An Opportunity To Do What You Love On The Word Network Which Is The Largest African American... 

When the beaver runs out of trees maybe it can try to break into the coal industry. 

just kidding i fucking guess 

Also Hitler is still alive. He works for Rick. He lives in Ecuador. His son's name is Juan Pablo Beltran. Went to school with his son.

It's shocking that #jet airways charge​ higher amt and give discount when the actual ticket cost is way below the amt one pay post discount

Guys, I wrote small letter of thanks to everybody I love  and you can read it here:  #love

Wilcon shares jump in stock market debut - BusinessWorld Online Edition  #PSE #PSEi

You aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your... More for Virgo 

Tinder back home is beyond dry. It's all yussers you already shifted at a gaa disco 100yrs ago    

#Breaking #news Cat ownership rise driven by men, survey suggests  #world 

is recalling over 24,000 vehicles due to unexpected brake failure that could put many unsatisfied customers out of their misery.

Meeting with Jenny from Dormansland school this morning handing over the schools Choiroke flyers and posters in a... 

Mid Century Widdicomb dresser. #heritagetrailmall #shopwilmette #redefined #antiqueshopping… 

“I keep in touch and we all see each other. It’s great, everyone’s having fun doing their own thing.” - Harry on One Direction.

//Some of us surviving, some of us just roaming, some of us just hoping the world will move more slowly// #judahandthelion

UC Berkeley researchers find sleep disruption may lead to memory loss, dementia in elderly | The Daily Californian 

Dr. Johnson is late again. I knew I should have went to Chick-fil-A this morning for that free breakfast

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

You covet quality time spent with your circle of friends today... More for Cancer 

#Gunners #AFC #COYG #Gooners Wenger fights Ivan's plan to destroy his ivory tower 

"Documents from three US states indicate that babies may be born alive after abortions more often then we might... 

just found out a mutual friend between me and my ex best friend unfollowed me on tumblr (naturally leaving me to following him still) lmfao

ADULT SIBLING ABUSE SURVIVORS are often gossiped about for being the family idiot, misfit, or crazy relative. 

I feel like San Francisco is the cool girl I want to be friends with but she's also a bitch and is like you can't sit with us. #SanFrancisco

Another dirty #bank asking for help; why don’t they just let #DeutscheBank sink into the swamp 

Mang its kinda not a big deal since she's really interactive with the fans but ahhh I'm not worthy qwq senpai noticed me

Get me on that beach first holiday of 2017 in 8 weeks #Barcelona #Sitges #Corfu already booked  #travel…… 

And whatever the hell should be done in Syria, I know for sure trump shouldn’t be involved much less in charge. That’s all I’ve got.

I haven't seen or actually talked to mi bruja in 4 days... luckily i finally get to see her tonight   

of girls fucking guys in the ass 

7,103,121 viewers can’t be wrong - Bon Iver at AIR Studios (4AD/Jagjaguwar Session) f. Justin Vernon and Sean Carey… 

Dirty Filipina With A Dildo 

I don't know what you're doing ah but whatever you're doing is fucked up man<EMOJI>️ honestly , crap.

Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot. Nothing's ever your fucking fault.

and the memories of me will seem more like bad dreams, Just a series of blurs like I never occurred. Someday you will be loved.

Videos and photos from Syria showed victims with symptoms consistent with severe exposure...  by #radiosvoboda

What if I chose wrong? and im not supposed to do this. What if no matter how hard I try, I will just never achieve it?

Military court hearings continued for student Istabraq Tamimi, parliamentarian Samira Halaiqa 

butt of cutie is fucked feature 

Today I decided to be an idiot and ask my girlfriend to prom 

Gabelli Global Small %26 Mid: Form, Schedule Or Registration Statement No Filing Party: Date File  $GGZ

Wild beach is one of the most romantic places for fucking. This couple of teens has go  #blowjob #brunette #couples

But what color tho? I really like the dark purple, but the sky blue is so cute >~< 

wife fucking in porn theater 

Your strike illegal, ill-advised – Enugu government blasts judiciary workers 

Stupid is as stupid does. Idiotic statement. 

Is you fucking on shamar? While with John CRYBABY A... — Lmaaaaaaooooo y'all niggas weird 

The reason why animal testing is a morally bankrupt stance #Boycottcambridge 

i guess if everyone triple bogeys the first hole, then it really makes no difference, huh? #themasters

Invisibly add storage to your MacBook and more [Week’s Best Deals]  #Apple 

What's your favorite #retro gaming console? For me, it's the Game Boy/Color and the NES/N64. Weird how N64 is considered a retro console now

Happy 8th Birthday dear little girl, love you so much big love daddy xxxx  

NUVO 2017/2018 tour dates are out. Mark your calendars and come to a city near you. Sharing the stage each... 

Does GotVirgin hair company have a Twitter?? Because they won't respond to my emails and the hair tangled SO badly. I want my coins.

Oooooooohhh, I'm getting real tired of this bitch :)

HELLO ALL! pls help me prove to my delusional roommate that central jersey does not exist 

You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. - Michael Phelps 

i can fucking hear tori and tsumugi now and i cant unhear. im dying

Need a little table for your toddler? Build your own! #Fatherhood #Parenting 

President Trump says US will act to restrain North Korea without China if necessary: 

When you see #NeverAskAWoman trending on Twitter. Guys here is some advice if you're thinking about posting... 

09:21 CEST: Temperature: 7.8°C, Wind: WSW, 9 kph (ave), 11 kph (gust), Humidity: 65%, Rain (hourly) 0.0 mm, Pressure: 1012 hPa, rising slowl

You are magic. Don't ever apologize for the fire in you. Happy Friday<EMOJI>️NOW get out there and touch a BUTT and… 

oh my god baby you're so really sexy i just wanna cum all over your face and legs and lick that pussy all night.

For Strangers Only – Abel Raise The Cain (reviewed by Dave Franklin)  

global recession with the collapse of government revenues after the fall in the oil price. Corruption needs to be checked.” 355. Mr

To when I thought I cared so much about someone but enough! Just enough.... #NoMore 

Blown keg at South Hill Growler Guys: Wild Cherry, a cider from North Idaho Cider in Hayden, ID, is gone

May should tell Hollande to shut up and carry on with his job centre forms, that's the only place he's heading!!!

If the U.N. does not approve and support the actions taken, we should withdraw from the U.N. and throw them out of our country.

Kenya sets sights on green bonds after mobile phone issue: Kenya aims to issue its first 'green' bond this year,…… 

At first a spoiled bitch. I feel so sorry for her. Had the right attitude afterwards. 

"Just say a simple, ‘Yes, I will,’ or ‘No, I won’t.’ Anything beyond this is from the evil one." #sermon 

Congratulations to our Bubu girl Kira for getting the rookie female wrestler of the year award… 

Co-Occurring Disorders Paper 1.Write a 750 to 1000 word paper regarding psychiatric disorders that may occur with 

Tina: It's great to see all of the North Hollywood lezzies. Eliza: I'd like you to meet Jessica from William Morris. #TheLWord

#i slept with my gf mom pronr tube jesus fucking 

#GayVideos - Fucking Lyle Boyce - 

Page 110. "You may get skinned knees and elbows, but it's worth it if you score a spectacular… 

#NBA Wire: WATCH: Deshaun Watson allegedly forced to leave a Tuscaloosa bar  

White supremacist asks Muslim lawyer why there is no 'Christian ISIS,' gets schooled. 

New post: Deadly Earthquake, EMK Phenomena | S0 News Apr.5.2017  Wanted- Earthquake Forecasters

[Vermont South] Arcanine (M) (IV: 22%) until 09:50:11AM at 1 Pavey Pl  

(PHOTOS) – Protest In India As Five Nigerian Students Accused Of Cannibalism.” 

Are #Bluehand #Homophobic? YES as this tweet proves. Denials are just more #BluehandLies #BluehandFamily 

Traffic in Atlanta will be fucked up.. So book your rooms downtown so I can come see you   

You've got one more day to enter to win 2 tickets to the upcoming Philly Farm and Food Fest. Details below! 

Somebody, Push me on a dick, please ! meet me here  

FOX8NOLA: Syria chemical attack death toll now at 72; new strikes hit >>  

"People don’t become gay, bisexual, pansexual, transexual. People just fall in love with another person.”

Immortal Redneck Hits PC And Mac On April 25th  #GamingNews #Trailers 

#U18PDL2 | Next weekend's fixtures will determine whether Sheff Wed or Nott'm Forest join Sheff Utd in the Northern section playoffs.

And the winner of the competition... Ian Finnerty! Congratulations - please message the page to claim your prize.

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

"Them Anime Betrayers, Fucks, Traitors, Got Money and Power On They're Fucking Sides." #swagstarproductive

I've just watched episode S01E05 of Victoria! #victoria  

New Spanish patrol boat incursion into Gibraltar's waters  

766:731 I will hear that play; For never anything can be amiss When simpleness and duty tender it. #AMNDBots

This man appear from thin air and begins encouraging your girl to strive to live a healthy and productive lifestyle… 

The day is not far whn dominos wil ask for #Aadhaar instead of phone no. to take order and recommend toppings. 

"Why should they go out to fight? They leave that role to the poor" Black Sabbath - War Pigs 

Everton v Leicester preview: Foxes seek sixth straight Premier League win  #happeningnow

Tee off in about an hour and 20 minutes. First one of the year. I couldn't be more excited. 

Hey if everyone could do me a favor and vote for me for XXL 10th Spot it would be very appreciated     #blessed… 

Hot honey and lemon before bed. Georgie's face is cracking me up   She just said "when I grow up and get to pick h…… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Whitebeard and Luffy working together to save Ace?  #TreCru 

Police say private investigator #PaulOSullivan has flouted his bail conditions by leaving SA without notifying his investigating officer. MO

Every time I see the trucks full of pigs I get so emotional and wave at them and they stick their little noses out omg :(

I don't have time, I'm a fucking princess on a mission.

p.s. take off your fucking lipstick then. fucking hypocritical broads. 

15 Reasons The Original Beauty And The Beast Is Better Than the Remake - CBR 

Grizzlies can't beat a team that's trying to freaking tank! So damn pathetic!

fuck off already !! killery..#SyriaHoax 

I am still collecting new subs for various positions in #London the last week of April-late May. #RealTime #Femdom sessions #cashpointmeets

Fraud: Former Nigerian Naval Chief Ordered To Forfeits N.18 Trillion Loot To Federal Government… 

you know, one of my friends she faked a headache an... — Lmaoooo, that's funny asf but mean 

BUT THE MAN SORT OF INCHED CLOSER AND HIS HAND WAS NEAR MY BOOB AND THE TIME HE INCHED CLOSER HE WAS LIKE TOUCHING IT

BoycottWFInvitational and sponsored events. Don't support unethical banking practices and discrimination.… 

#hiring Smart Meter Installer (Gas Qualified), Inverness, Highland, GB, fulltime #invernessjobs #gbjobs #jobsearch 

EVEN THE FUCKING DICTIONARY IS MEMING MR R I AM G O N E

tomorrow and Saturday are going to be so goddamn stressful, I swear I'll fall into my bed on sunday and never get up again

There's nothing better/worse than having the same catchy 5 seconds of a song relentlessly repeating itself in your head for several days.   

WIP~ finished all my work in economics the day before c:     #inking #animedrawing #art… 

Idc how many times a nigga say "ion mess with my baby mama " he's lying hard asf dont trust that    

Lah stupid Bitch ain't sucking dick den keep it stepping ...

Phillytapfinder Craft Beer Locator the 2SP Bellcracker just replaced the Half Acre Lead Feather on draught.

Prostitute fucked and facialized 

Your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today, bringi... More for Virgo 

tabbyandannie - TWD fanfiction site for beginner authors. Safe space with no criticism allowed. 

#MLB Wire: Blue Jays release veteran OF Melvin Upton - Melvin Upton | TOR  

Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances #enginakyürek #ÖleneKadar #DağSel #Dağhan

the fucking thought of you with somebody else I don't like that

No I am the worst nigga to ever touch the planet earth. 

Exactly, the chicken pieces are too salty. The fries are fine tho, sliders too. 

Tell Andrea Leadsom to keep the ban on bee-killing pesticides - with no exemptions! Sign the petition: 

Hate that plane shit it make my ears and face hurt so bad

my moms lockscreen is the fucking "i am SHERlocked" thing and i die a bit inside every time i see it

Don't have chikaratopia? You've made a grave but reparable error. Watch as I crush an ant and ask yourself why you'… 

I don't have time for stupid ass bitches who think everything is about themselves

Chhattisgarh Postal Circle Recruitment 2017 – Apply Online for 123 Gramin Dak Sevak Posts #jobsearch #jobsIndia 

who do you love more your girlfriend or the power r... — my girlfriend Is a power ranger this is invalid. ne... 

You might end up in a heated exchange with someone close to yo... More for Scorpio 

Youhanabad lynching: Christian suspects asked to convert in return for release 

Nigga Jeremy beat me after wilson fumbled omg I'm sick

wise person : tall, handsome, loyal, hustler, well connected, well respected, popular yet private, adores you, puts you in your place..

Your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day, and you may... More for Sagittarius 

Thu8A1 #Blog #Administration I can Administer your #blog leaving you time to focus on your #writing 

Just hit over 1 million plays on SoundCloud! Thank you all for the support!      

Chorley star's vow ahead of tonight's live The Voice show #ChloeCastro #BethMorris #TheVoiceUK…… 

#bbcqt here we go again a bunch of politicians talking s*** about something going to do nothing about nobody is going to go against Russia

YES YALL ATTACK ON TITAN IS FUCKING BAACCKKKKKK 

Happy April fools day. I'll always think of it as that day in 1572 when the Dutch impaled their dykes to fend off the Spanish.

There's no joke about this one. We hit the activists for being vocal, but we remain silent on our gov't leaders' hypocrisy.

The fun must come to an end had a blast I love and miss you so much Kirsten Marie and Mackenzie Pelham

Ah! My roncks! *seductively bends down to pick up a ronck**seductively bends down to pick up a ronck**seductively bends down to pick up a ro

i have a real question to all you girls , do y'all sneeze when you pluck your eyebrows , or is that just me ?                

Be with someone who wants to invest to you, learn from you, see you win, supports your invasion and fall in love w/ u. #MAYWARDLoveKoTo

Should they receive any encouragement, then Chelsea will join PSG, Juventus and Chinese clubs in bidding for Alexis Sanchez. [Telegraph]

Perhaps the pavement gods have heard my pleas. This ramp treatment looks much less slippery. 

This is the face I make when I drink Kombucha! Probiotics for the win! Lol but seriously this… 

#girls fucking deepthroat galleries sex lezbo 

UTTERLY GRIPPING CRIME THRILLERS...from 'a major new force in British crime fiction' #Scottish #crimefictio #series… 

Wouldn't be happening with President Sanders. Get the rafter out of your own eye before criticizing the straw in th… 

  daddy-mike: Shana Yates, dirty slut Yes, her old ID that has been posted is from Florida but she... 

Didn't get news of #Boris excuse or criticism Where r u..? Don't do something wrong to urself!!    Take it  . #federer haters #MiamiOpen   

Growing up as a weed smokin' rebel, musician/artsy guy in New York w/Aaron Hendon  #podcast

Easy Press Release Writer  Why pay someone to write you a perfectly formatted press release when you cando it

The blue spokes n bars r a lil much for me but hell I'd ride it!…: google_ad_client = "ca… 

SOTI MobiControl gives fleet managers complete remote control of the TomTom PRO 8 series, an open-platform device t… 

I'm a thumbs up, pissed off when you (of all over my time where Rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers

#Forbes NASA Crewed Mission To Venus Would Pave Way For Human Mission To Mars  

Persona 5 is literally about taking people with too much hubris down a peg. It makes their stream policies feel like some metatextual ARG.

I followed someone, are you supposed to unfollow or block me but if you try to make me choose, I won't like it.

Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4! #PS4live (Call of Duty: Black Ops III) live at 

Sat in mums car passenger side waitin for her and some lady opens the door and tries to sit on me don't know who was more embarrassed

You might be puzzled today when you realize that your plans ar... More for Aries 

#pics of school girls fucking k nude 

Cinema classical: Singing for the gods, Pandit Jasraj took time out to enthral mortals #Haryana Born on January 28… 

Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot' 

if anyone feels like im a bad person. horrible mom. whatever. COME SAY THAT SHIT TO ME.

I'm home now and still do pissed about the traffic I usually kill myself to avoid that I'm not going to fix the fucking typo.

THE LOSER WHOM I LOVE MORE THAN ANY OTHER LOSER IN THE WORLD i'll never take you for granted okay i'll do my best to give back to you what -

Work flats for my #cybersecurity conference, #dance heels, tennis shoes, and rock #climbing shoes were all required today--so exhausted!

today a girl in my class told me to stop talking about political stuff bc another girl in our rotation comes from a very republican family

U kno what!!!! Fuck club penguin i aint never play it.....!!! Jks jks im actually real sad for this :< i never played

You're stretching. Crowley isn't why Hillary won Queens. He has a terrible track record when it comes to winning th… 

courtney was a fake bitch but i hate justin way more than her.. she was just a closeted lesbian who was trying to not get caught+

One of my favourites too, wonderful to see it represented in film. How my memory is so dreadful I didn't recognize the title I'll never know

Dallas TX #USA - Aircraft Fueler - The duties of an aircraft fueler will consist of servi...  #JOB #CAREER #AVIATION

  got this stupid ass feeling, I just pray I'm wrong.

I legit have been meaning to buy myself a Polaroid for months but I save money so I can buy Zach stuff    

♤» logodesign graphics design logo need logo design or graphics artist?  

What's with the creepy lady ads for Snyder's Pretzels? Not only does it make me not want to eat that, but makes me want to burn the evil out

OLD VEHICLE BECOMES CSI VAN The Office of the Sheriff recently refurbished a vehicle into a Crime Scene... 

[North Philadelphia] Venusaur (M) (IV: 20%) until 07:39:41PM at 979 N 2nd St  

Plants kill each other by blocking light (starving) 1 another, the silence is not without violence and if they could they'd all be screaming

I am strong, these thoughts in my head are nothing... time to live in the real world.... with the people i love

Count the number of decisions going against Barca and going in favor of EE. If you still think they’re not biased 

Cheeky little badge set based on my popular coasters... I could get used to this… 

Wait did   just say that out of the 14 ppl in that TX church bus accident only Thee black woman survived??  ....Should I say it?!!

This all just pisses me off. people are just so quick to tell people to kill them self's. Like how would you feel i… 

Pop: "You always need tissues with you in case you gotta pull over and take a dump. Need to wipe your ass. You don't want to use leaves."   

Zuma got all the stoneres   on his side Our high asses would make this happen    

FULL-TIME: GRA 1-4 FCB with goals from LuisSuarez9, paco93alcacer, ivanrakitic, and neymarjr! #GranadaFCB… 

Dutch protests against attack on gay couple holding hands  

These are the cosmic waves you've been waiting for, so grab yo... More for Aries 

Sometimes the best cure for a restless mind is a quiet night i... More for Pisces 

We all known the real Stephen Hawking has been dead for years. Now it's like Weekend at Bernies with a moron contro… 

We've chosen our Norwich City Man of the Match against Reading - now it's time for you to vote for ...  #ncfc #norw…

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

This wind has me and my hair all the way fucked up smh.. but selfiesss 

Cheers to the fucking weekend   

You feel invincible because everything you do now furthers you... More for Cancer 

   your GF is a #BBCslut.  She loves sucking and riding black cocks too much.  Face it, she belong to us    

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

Hurray! I have finished "Breaking News!" task in Big Business HD for iPad! #ipad #ipadgames #gameinsight

#LittyPalooza     APRIL 29TH Alcohol Filled SuperSoakers    CONFETTI BOMBS   GLOW STICKS and MUCH MORE!!    RT x12

Hitmontop available until 09:12:58am (26m 59s). Counter / Gyro Ball (68.9% - 8/10/13) 

Bitch wtf r u talking about!!! Smh 

Ending hunger is feasible. It requires ACTION. Give $6.00 to feed a child for one month with protein fortified... 

Get Stocked Up on Quilted Northern This Week at CVS Thru 4/8!…  

#Ohio man #arrested after child and animal porn found inside his home  

Am not surprised but am still disgusted by the news that states are now allowed to defund Planned Parenthood.

Haha... But my Raj bodyguard will defo give her a lesson... Rani not done... U cant hit my Raj body...     

#sex scenes in bollywood lifeguard girls fucking boys 

So they are allowed to respectfully go back and forth with me, depending on the context of the situation.

If you're going to slow down, look, and make me late to work, Jesus Christ had better be doing a rockettes style kick line on the shoulder..

Listen, all I know is Kristine Nielsen as Puck in #ShakespeareInThePark's Midsummer is inspired casting.

 Let see how how dude convinced Nikol in fucking in the boat - Let see how dude sunk his... 

Are you ready to start working? #MilitaryJobs #HiringVeterans #EAS  

Atlantis: Robust, Extensible Execution Environments for Web Applications – Microsoft Research 

APC Lawmaker Abdulmumin Jibrin Blasts Buhari, Asks Him To Resign....  

Fabiana Toledo Shemale Beauty Interracial Nasty Assfucking 

SunSport understands there will not be a New Year's Eve clash between the Glasgow clubs. 

Prospect Primer: RB Matt Dayes, NC State #CheeseHeads  

And then there was one #TheWalkingDead I think the old man Carl theory is pretty sick all he has left is the magnum… 

3.6 earthquake occurred 83 km al SUR de COALCOMAN, MICH at 10:50 UTC! #earthquake 

10 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Even though I barely watch any of today's product, I'm still thrilled as hell that today is Wrestlemania Sunday!

These social entrepreneurs prove giving back doesn’t have to affect their bottom lines  -

FOX NEWS - NC restaurant sees reservations surge after banning kids  #PaginaNuova #TV 

Gay rights organizations hail court ruling as 'game changer' #chicago #bhive 

So due to that, it felt only natural I give a retrospective as we reach the "full" and "final" launch; the release date for everyone.

the naerossi mutual: - RETJEH   - you can ask abt medicine     - you can ask abt webtun lawaq - her tweets are relatable - a softie

We're broken ppl that wants love but we don't know how to express it so we break each other's heart.

I went on a date with a guy last year who was really sweet and cool at work but then turned into a fidgety church monster.

A little 3rd rate school prof criticizes ABA top rated, articulate Constitutional expert for being "ghoul" only one… 

London Dungeon Goes So Hard On Valentine's Day Banter They Have To Apologise 

High school junior launches TagDat, an emoji-based local reviews app  

Not having access to my money is fucking pissing me off!!!!

Found a Transponder Snail! Oars comes back as a henchman of Moria?!  #TreCru 

never thought i'd related to a rich white woman wearing fur and drinking wine more expensive than my net worth but… 

I am literally their harshest critic. I never give them an inch. They've wooed even me and they had a MASSIVE hole to dig out of after s3

Kendall Jenner's Pepsi ad criticized for co-opting protest movements for profit  #Cringe #Shameless

Told my ass I still looked pregnant and I hung up on that ass... can't block me for some shit you did, how that work 

Eat brussels sprouts like popcorn: Brussels Sprout | Recipes | Heirloom Meals: Savoring Yesterday's Traditions Today 

Mehn! He keeps dropping it line after line. Top 20 - #GidiGirlByOtisMaho "Vibe360 Afrobeats Top Chart"

This stupid guy just asked "So can I take you out to eat after class?" I said "uhh no I don't just hang out with boys" "I'm a man tho"   

Newcastle left reeling after bizarre refereeing blunder  

"I wish to extend *his* gratitude to the outgoing Ministers" Typographic slip or his master's voice? 

Look at that beaming smile! We think it's PURE joy for Pure Barre HHI! Janet Seacrest, you are a total babe! We... 

Here's Why Consumers View Brands As Relationships  #branding #marketing #socialmedia

Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen. #ALDUBKSTourSaUS

#Gambling No wife can endure a gambling husband; unless he is a steady winner. - Thomas R. Dewar #quotes #followme

Just starin at my books makes me wanna die. Fuck you exam!!!

Crazy how i honestly thought we'd be nothing more than best friends. And now you mean way more and i don't want thi… 

Please RT if you like!! #architecture #design #architects #interiordesign The Atelier / Biome... 

Interesting to see people's reactions regarding Syria Tomahawks tonight. They're all over the place.

It is not too early to book your 2017 Graduation Party at Premier Events Multipurpose Center. We…... 

Job Fair is on! Come down and join our team! We need talented peeps like you! #harrisonhotsprings #harrisonmills

I feel like the Grand Canyon April Fooled tf out of us today and I am not amused. (Never go to the west rim you'll hate it)

When your mom hits you with the "Can you come clean up the hallway, nothing in my life is making me happy right now"

Uber self-driving car project faces injunction in Waymo case - CNET  #Technology

6 and#39;Game of Thronesand#39; Plot Holes Big Enough to Fly a Dragon Through #GameofThrones  #GameofThrones

My followers live in 10 countries: Mongolia(90%), USA(3%)...  Get your free map! 

I have signed! Have you? I have checked to see where my Rep stands. Have you? This is so important! #MedicareForAll 

Canada’s Barrick Gold selling 50 per cent stake in Argentina mine to Chinese firm 

#sex scene of penelope fucking actors 

Barring setback, Kevin Durant set to return for Warriors on Saturday #Longhorns #NCAA #hookem #UT… 

A spectacular list of the world's best honeymoon destinations:  

sinnistar painful anal and dirty ass to mouth! 

"We must respect the past, and mistrust the present, if we wish to provide for the safety of the future." - Joseph Joubert

NEW w/ Tags....ADIDAS Women's Athletic PANTS. Sz. Small. Green w/ Animal Print.  

It really is epic specs and all but still no rush... Take ur time... Really need dis to beat the ps4 down on console wars #battleforpower

This team is ready - tomorrow is our conf opener. Everyday is a must win! Now is the time - Mentally Tough #FINISH… 

only my best friend would want weed brownies after she have a baby   but hey, I want a glass of wine so lol

Nikki Hearts in Beyond Fucked  #NgecrotTube

I may have not been a fan since the beginning but I'll be till the end I've met such amazing people through exo #5YearsWithEXO #엑소5래도록

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

From all women who have been there, Thank you, God bless you and protect you. 

Hey THE MILITARY MATTERS thanks for the follow! We must do all we can to stop Soros and the establishment! follow me on gab.ai stopsorosnow.

Top story: ESA EarthObservation on Twitter: "Open call for #Sentinel2 special i…  see more 

why is my 7 year old sister calling me and why do i have a contact for her 

Mazel Tov! Tonight Is The Tnoiyem Of Ha'Chusen Moshe Aryeh Lefkowits In House Of Mechiten At 155 Middelton St. Oif Simchas!

 Random and strong passwords - #videowww #internet #onlinemarketing #conversions 

I saw a crackhead on a bike singing the ice melts chorus no headphones nothing pedaling dique woah woah woah woaaahhh

why did i randomly wake up at 2:45 with the buggest fucking headache ever  

Last evening to come and see our Members Exhibition, open till 8.30 tonight. Poldrate Granary 3rd floor. Free entry. 

Insulting allies makes America vulnerable, not great  

Ive realized UPS gives zero fucks about anything lol leaves a brand new lift kit for the truck in the middle of my deck ffs

release the fucking code my body cant handle these fake tweets anymore i keep getting a heart attack

Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Intel Core i7 12" Tablet PC 256GB Windows 10.1 2160x1440  

My teeth is golden she got lil tittes she still gon show em aye she wet like the ocean pulled out a trojan and gave her the motion aye

Your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today, bringi... More for Virgo 

The kids just did a picture of me and for those of you that remember #Viz I look reminiscent of #RogerMelly 

Not traveling? Here's how to make the most of your time at home  #travel #traveltips #ttot 

fucking air packing from computer 

#man fucking elephant ddf hardcore 

Found a Transponder Snail! A tearful farewell: The Going Merry's last voyage.  #TreCru 

But, if I was writing a piece on Pokemon, I would write "I took my Pokemon to the Pokemon Center." Because any other way looks wrong.

goddamnit i couldve met fucking mr moseby 

y'all know when you're listening to music and you just get hit after hit? that's my current situation. don't mind me, lol.

I've never seen so many abandoned hopes ,dreams ,and aspirations in one school..good schools #theylied

When you commit, orally or in writing, to an idea or goal, you are more likely to honor that commitment-R. Cialdini 

|Red| LIGHT: 1011Lux | TEMP ZONE A: 27.6C/81.0F | HUM: 18.0% | UV INDEX: 0.0005 | IR: 147um | TEMP ZONE B: -14.0C/7… 

Microsoft Xbox 360 Kinect Bundle 250 GB Console Plus UDraw, 7 Games, Controllr  

quantom_dev_bot  Thanks for following OctoMan on Twitter :)  #gamedev #indiedev #ff

Happy birthday mrs bart. You're the biggest bitch at riverside but I still would marry you. Hate/love you hoe

1.9 Acres NY Land Log Cabin - Lot #1 FINANCING NO RESERVE PA Woods - HUNT FISH  

First game I bought in a while where I wasn't hyped about, but heard so many good things about that I'd thought I'd… 

National Read A Road Map Day is fast approaching! When was the last time you read a traditional map? 

I picked dare and my friends picked to run only in my underwear down the neighborhood. #testme #toodown… 

What distracts you the most? Take stock of your distractions and make a plan to deal with them. #laserfocus 

Either fucked they friend nigga or fucked they niggas friends

Tom Brady’s stolen 2015 Super Bowl jersey to be displayed at Patriots’ Hall of Fame  

Jennifer Lopez brings mom on Manhattan date with Alex Rodriguez - NY Daily News 

This kills me inside, Robbies been through an awful family tradegy this past week and he don't need idiots threaten… 

A extension that floods your internet history with false information, making all the data advertisers are getting … 

We probably wouldn't worry about what people ohink of us if we could know how seldom they do.-Olin Mirler

Love seeing so many programs hosting youth camps. Huge for the game to see kids out loving Football. Games been beat up last few years.

Comrade KK Ragesh’s Comments during Discussion on the working of the Ministry of Railways 

"I am happy to report that drowning does kill this demonic entity. Oh holy are the waters of Chernarus!" Omg, DED ;)

#Metroweired Seagull proves why people should eat their food instead of taking pictures of it 

today is Friday ! I will now allow these idiots at work to stress me out  

"#POTUS News: #Trump Gains With Rural Supporters, Slips With Military Communities" #News: 

Ipsen Completes Acquisition Of ONIVYDE Irinotecan Liposome Injection And Additional Oncology Assets From Merrimack 

Mark Cuban and other 'Shark Tank' investors share 10 things you have to do to be successful - CNBC 

He would not have won if the DNC knew what the hell they were doing. It's too bad if saying that hurts feelings, but Trump's gotta go

Look likes #Bannon's END<EMOJI>️ “Report: Infighting between Kushner and Bannon has devolved into 'alt-right' name-calling” 

It's March 30, 2017 at 06:45AM and that means it's time to give some love to mist45gameplay. :) #ILOVEYOU

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

One Photographer's Taking Us On A Tour Of New Zealand — All While Dressed As Gandalf  -

You don't have to defend or explain your decisions to anyone it's your life live it perfectly without apologies

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

Spotlight Students for April 7th! Great work, Taylor from Room 13 and Sophie from Room 25. Work hard, be nice and... 

Chinese doctor grows ear on man’s ARM to restore his hearing Surgery is an ancient medical specialty that uses... 

 "Syria was a false flag. I know it, you know it, President Trump knows it. Enough with the concern trolling, we ar…

I'm boycotting Pepsi! I am so sick of elitists attempting to dictate to the "little people" what our political bel… 

You're not a big fan of the rules unless you make them yoursel... More for Aquarius 

Rectangle Sequins Sofa Bed Home Decoration Festival Pillow Case Cushion Cover  

My garlic crusher didn't survive my cooking efforts today. Fucking thing snapped in my hand    

Mother Blackmailed Into Fucking ! 

Sims episodes 4 5 and possibly 6 should be up tonight. 7 has ridiculous editing so I'll wait to tackle that til tomorrow probably.

Imagine if all these white people who are joining the #AntiZumaMarches did the same during the 48 years of apartheid rule...

And if you tell my heart. My achy breaky heart. He might blow up and kill this man. -Billy Ray Cyrus

#TBT 1952 Oct Martinsville Speedway 1-Perk Brown, 2-Herb Thomas, 3-Joe Eubanks, 4-Fonty Flock, 5-Tim Flock, 6-Johnn… 

I'm buying a hot tub in Lincoln or Omaha in the next 48 hours do you have any recommendations I don't mind buying... 

And then I Ramaphosa'd all my gold bars and buffaloes into Gupta jet and fokked off to    

Home made latina Crazy tart brought in a gun, she still got fucked 

so chronicles, I told my cousin about my mental instability and all related works. He just said lol. 

ok but tarjei on stage because he won best male actor (he's gonna win it) and henrik and the whole cast being so proud of him i want it

Like every night I leave the gym, I want a fucking donut  

It's an all-too-familiar lesson for you Archers: more of a goo... More for Sagittarius 

I've been walking around the streets of Makati safely pero I can't walk around Baclaran without Ross. Tapos sa Parañaque pko ma move? Nooooo

HEAVENLY FATHER I WANT TO THANK YOU FOR KEEPING HARRY DAREDEVIL STYLES SAFE WHILE HE WAS OUT THERE SWINGING BY A THREAD #signofthetimes

Girls be like: "He's handsome, has a stable income, dresses nice, treats people with respect, and loves Jesus.... Eh. Not my type."

like a total of 100 people in the world really matter and can start/end wars and make decision and the rest of us are just here to occupy space

Lesson: Don't Underestimate Court's Ability to Change Its Mind- Minor Leaguers' Wage Suit Gets ... 

She gets her pussy eaten and fucked 

I've had lots credit, etc probs b/c flat previously occupied by ppl ranging up traffic fines, unpaid bills etc and we don't share name or dob

Why you so bad   like damn ma   

Classical music legend Kishori Amonkar passes away at 84  

idk if I should take this as spotify thinking everyone is younger than idols or they're just straight up kboos

I luv it when crazy gfs block you from their bf's accounts when you aren't even a threat to their relationship   

Was it just a year ago Dr.Bullen-Cox found the lost archive of early edns of De Nasis by Hafen Slawkenbergius?… 

Idiot Traitor Trump in 2013: 

whenever im stressed or anxious i listen to quran and my playlist really went from surah yunus to the weeknd im going to hell

❧♮ DENIM 24/7 PLUS #24W NEW WHITE SHEER CRISS #CROSS SHOULDERS LONG SLEEVE... Going fast  

Scarlett Johansson says she is ‘baffled’ by Ivanka Trump During an appearance at the Women in the World Summit. … 

Some moron told Zazzle (not Z's fault) that I didn't have the License to use this image. Get your facts before you… 

Traditional Indian Pakistani and Arabic Bridal #Jewellery Necklaces and Chokers  #saturdaymorning 

FoxNews: Texas school bus crash: 23 kids, driver hospitalized after multi-vehicle accident  

Even in victory, you're the fucking god damn worst. 

We've given our top tips for using #sauerkraut - nature's way to boost your #health this #spring!… 

The #addict/#alcoholic: Suffering victim? Or destructive a##hole? Which is the real alcoholic/addictive personality? 

feedingjoy: sn_hadani #MissionSaved - “One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.” #ChooseHappiness

i swear to myself that the moment i get to see you will be declared one of the best moments of my life… 

No promises did great in its first 24 hours, it will rise again and have a new peak once it starts playing on the radio. Stream for now

#NHL #GaryBettman WTF is wrong with you! No #OG2018 for NHL players is like Ice hockey without puck! U greedy douchebag  

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

If you don't wanna go out. It's not shit to do when you're single and all your friends aren't. I'm so bored.   

" alone is roughly equivalent in visitors and page views to the Chicago Trib" Seattle column 

American cities have been designed around the car. If the car changes, the way cities are used could change too. 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Divergent (2014) #GreatFilmTune Backwards. Tame Impala feat. Kendrick Lamar  

Ran into one of my grandads pals today Ive not seen since I was wee, I got"you're some height now Jordan" compared to what,a fucking smurf? 

i really hate tf out of camo, that shit is so ugly

i loved itazura na kiss so much that i ended up watching the anime, reading the manga and watching the kr and jp drama version of it   

When? Reply #2004 #2005 or #2008? Accrington beat Bournemouth 3-0 .. while The X Factor Finalists 2008 topped the charts with "Hero"

Girl on girl pussy licking and hardcore fucking 

105 Cameras Were Given To The Homeless In London. These Are The Photos They Captured. 

2 new followers in the last day and it is more than just stats, I use it for growing my account! Try it 

Fucking selfish, ego, pathetic, brainless and naive.

Hey #demography friends - What county has had interesting demographic changes between 2010 and 2015?

but I realized, I love writing so much. it's my escape. I'm home when I'm writing. and I decided to never stop.

Lovely post by Bridget Stein "A hard day at the office - making an orienteering map of Dinefwr Park for Carms... 

This 19-year-old Pakistani sportswoman’s staggering experiences captivate UN  

I've just watched episode S07E16 of The Walking Dead! #TWD  

Poll shows continued strong support for the UAE’s Peaceful Nuclear Energy Programme  #news #oana

This Is Quality Fucking Content 

my sister thinks she's being petty towards my dad by not going to my graduation?? she got me all types of fucked up

This response has my fullest support. We can't tolerate these fucking monsters harassing women like that. 

It was at this moment she knew.... she fucked up 

Shit look nasty af my dog wouldn't even eat this 

Easy frugal dinner to please a large family crew: cornbread, pinto beans (I make double for… 

Call Types: Accident Location: W HIGHLAND AVE and N RANDALL RD Map Link: 

Nasty lesbians oral sex masturbation on the redcar 

If i wasn't sick I'd be at the graveyard chillin' w/ my niggas

I'm just so fucked off with everything and everyone

#Honolulu #Hilo #Wailuku America’s Syria strike ‘on verge of military clash’ with Russia – PM Medvedev 

Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes. ― Mahatma Gandhi #quote

Still tryin to figure out how to recover from realizing I meant nothing to someone who meant everything to me but made me feel irreplaceable

Upkeep is tough - let us reward you for thinking ahead! Book 2 mens cuts and receive $5 off your second appointment… 

$MRNJ Announces agreement for the development of the  application  #invest #mjstocks #money

3 Timesaving Tools for Social Media Marketing. #smallbiz #startup  

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

Nintendo barely ever helps fund events or promote the smash scene. It's like they don't even realize what they are actively avoiding.

Seeing all of my friends around me have their dreams come true is honestly one of the best feelings  

My favorite thing is straight cis men saying they aren't offended by homophobic and transphobic jokes. It's amazing how the brain works  

I'm here with a little beer and the secret life of the zoo on telly, all is well! How are we all? #btnetsyhour

Anyone in Scotland who voted No in 2014 but who no longer recognises the UK they voted for is very welcome in the Yes movement #ScotRef

you seasonal , part time you get fucked up fw mine lul bitch 

IndexCensorshipRT MiddleEastEye: How Trump sold out Bahrain’s human rights  

Although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin... More for Capricorn 

As of now I am not watching the game. My green   can't take it.I hope DLSU can find a way to bounce back in the finals! #GritAndGrindDLSU

So Tom called me ugly I said bitch where, he said under all that communism I said bitch I wilL FUCK YOU UP

The FUTURE is NOW! Limitless Pill Floods Wall Street and Sillicon Valley. It`s Unbelievable -  

 Trump and Xi’s First Meeting: How Long Will the Cordiality Last? #MIAMI #NYC #HOUSTON #CANADA

Awful lotta ugly ass babies up on my Facebook lately.

DND hates openness Military ombudsman accuses National Defence of 'insidious' attacks, demands independence #cdnpoli 

Account Coordinator: Kenna Communications LP (Mississauga): "Strategic Planning. Become familiar…  #mississauga #jobs

I try to cover it up with other shit but know I'm just sweet being real I give it up easy my feeling show easy I j… 

Hey Groupon, no need to keep sending me the same deal that me and the ex bought to go to Punta Cana a couple years ago. Big thanks, though.

Taking an online Latin class was probably the worst decision I have made

I know it's going to be hard for me not to become an alcoholic. One shot for me, would be what y'all considered 4 shots.   ‍

Braden Holtby saves 35 shots to earn 41st win - Braden Holtby (G) Washington Capitals 

He is also one of the returning characters in Super Dangan Ronpa 2. Naegi joined the Future Foundation after the events of the first game.

Reasons To Vote For Democrats: A Comprehensiv... by Michael J. Knowles  =>

I watched the last 3 and a half minutes on youtube again at naluluha pa rin ako no matter how many times I watch this ep

Bitch, if I said "no no no" like the blondie did and you respond with "yes we are," know that I'm coming for you wh… 

Tottenham show great perseverance to down Swansea late and keep title hopes alive  

racist girls gets fucked #girlsnaked butts 

i fucking hate sehun slander like he breathes and y'all fucking hate him for it 

Girlfriend licked and fucked on a stairs 

We're all beggining to get the picture now with these unwanted so called refugees aren't we   

#RIPSelena It's weird sharing a birthday with your death. I was 4 when you passed away. We'll always stay listening to you music.

I had to stay home because I'm sick and there's other people you can associate with in that class 

Coders, engineers and architects in the northern Virginia area: #NFJS2017 is coming to you. Reg before 4/3 and save! 

tbh i should commission ppl to draw me with jimin AHAHAHA but that would be so damn awkward idk if i can do it sobs

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

Participating in a group, whether with friends or family, is a... More for Pisces 

Let's get creative! Chicken, Asparagus and Strawberry salad, recipe here:  #food #recipe #blog #healthy

#girl #blackpool cocksuck #tatoos #sexchatrooms underground #exgfs nasty 

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

Now playing on #UrbanGold : Shanice - I'm Cryin'  80's : Nothing but the best!

Ice cream birthday cake for a spring day: primrose/kumquat/mango/rhubarb happy birthday… 

while trying to find out my meaning isnt planned out come to the conclusion might as well be an illusion

bitch this makes me so nostalgic i hate owl city for making me feel things 

moral of the story: fill tear gas canisters with pepsi. the best praxis. fuck pepsi and fuck the Jenners too lol

Me : I need to go to the gym, I need to keep fit, I need to eat healthy Also me : 

so glad we're done with cheering under this bitch. every yearbook pic is her daughter- but no favoritism. joke

$SING is acquiring interest in a company that developed the first oil filling machine for vape pens.

Top #NBA Pick 5: BROOKLYN NETS vsORLANDO MAGIC go with #ORLANDOMAGIC (-145) make picks free: 

is telling you that you are worthless, ask yourself "if I am all those things then why isn't he leaving me the hell alone?"

Man Finds Lost Dog At Gas Station, Then Flips Over Name Tag To See Theres No Number 

How y'all gon get mad at ugly niggas for havin confidence? WE ALL WE GOT.

The old mantra of ‘be everywhere’ will quickly be replaced with ‘be where it matters to our business'. - Mike Stelzner #quote

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

We don't have to know .......the supermarkets buy worldwide so everything is always in season ....... 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

These hoes are miserable fall in they traps you will be tooo!

"Why experimenting with hair color on yourself is a good idea." (Link in profile). THANKS MODERN SALON!... 

WATCH: Yang Hyun Suk Shares A Glimpse Of #WINNER's Dance Practice For "Fool"  by… 

Some people still think their government or their skin color determines their success...the market does #BlackMonday 

So....the #FireKushner movement is no more than an Anti-Israel movement?? Is that right?? Being pushed by people you've come to trust??

Magen David Adom medic describing this morning's attack outside Ofra. (Credit: MDA) 

Krox was a great baker, and this song tells of their adventure. Krox iced a cake, then they iced a cake, then they went home to love life

Can't get enough of these 4th grade thinkers at Estes ES! #LeadingtheReading 

Lumitek 52" 300w Led Light Bar Dual Row High Power Epistar 6000k DC 10-30V LED Work Light Bar.. 

Ball Control?....Camels goalie Alyssa Stumbaugh has touched the ball once on a kickback 

VR 360 (POV) Brunette hardcore fucking 

Bishop Mitchell Taylor and Urban Upbound urge New Yorkers to take advantage of free tax preparation services before… 

that one time Doc, Army and Eyeball all jump on a fucking ball and Lapis just walks away they dont stop her u fuckd up the game!!

9 people arrested after shot fired, standoff in Arlington Heights - Chicago Tribune 

My house is a mess and I need to shower but Avery is being cuddly and only wants momma taking advantage of these moments while I can

  YASSS It's time for a great show   OMGitsBrii  :Doing my hair.  

And the #SouthCarolina Lady Gamecocks celebrate their first aNCAA WBB National Championship, beating #MississippiState; 67-55.

Great result for Palace today. Fair play to Allardyce on that one, nobody expected that. Still 7 points clear at the top #coyb

Beautiful Blonde Teacher Is In Real Trouble For Doing This In Police Custody 

Maybe if she had the energy she had when she first came out but today she can't compare 

Over a million Christians have fled Syria...how many killed? Ask...is Assad 'protecting' Christians or is he using… 

London men, book onto Speed Dating tomorrow night and date 15+ women. Limited spaces avaliable! 

OSMETHING JUST FUCKING TOUCHED MY FOOT I MMOVING BYE

We will have to listen to Dave Obrien for roughly 487.5 hours between now and October. Let that sink in..... #scalded #Erod #fuckoff

#HealthcareIsForYouAndMeNotForFuckingIndustry Healthcare Is For You And Me Not For Fucking Industry! 

it's friday night. i can finally watch bts videos and catch up on what the boys have been up to these days without feeling guilty about it.

SONY PSP-1000 Console TESTED w/Cover Case, 3 games, 3 empty cases and PSP Box  

Roman flipped the room upside down looking for his wallet. I find his wallet on his side of the bed. His response: that's a little weird.

When you're a broke college kid living off campus you really start to understand that movie where the guy eats only McDonald's everyday

I know folks are loading up (if they don't already have them) those UNC slander drafts for tonight #nationalchampionship

11 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

If you want a say on what goes on in the Labour Party, join the fucking Labour Party. Otherwise, shut it #bbcqt

Survival horror game 'We Happy Few' is becoming a movie  

Halls High Anime Club has named their Top 10 Most Villainous Villians. The number one spot goes to...Lucifer from Devil is a Part-Timer!

The #AltRight won this presidency for Trump; you folk would vote Yeb. We won the meme war, not you. We lead, you fo… 

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

I'm only knocking certified hookers now, last virgin I was with took everything I taught her to her new man lmao time 4 me 2 learn som

every time i look at scott moir he looks like a new person to me. here he looks like alex turner from the arctic mo… 

  Pimen Nikitich Orlov (Russian painter) 1812 - 1865 Roman Carnival, 1859 oil on canvas 96 x 114 cm. (37.8 x 44.9 i… 

Montana citizens please call your representative and tell them to vote NO! Sharia Law is barbaric and has no place… 

(#1) Sony Playstation 3 PS3 Console CECH-2001A 120GB HDD w/ 3 Games Works/ Reset  

VIDEO: Highlights, celebration and interviews from Wyoming's CBI Championship win. #wyosports #gowyo… 

ATL 14 BKN 16 Q1 5:58 Brook Lopez makes 5-foot two point shot (Randy Foye assists) P:5 R:1 A:1 S:1 B:0 T:1 FD:8.7 DK:9.75

I wish I didn't feel so fucking shitty about my body rn lmfao

It might not be #cloudcomputing, but #diversity is just as essential to #tech as any other priority… 

Learn how to detect compromised systems by looking at your #network traffic. Read the white paper:… 

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

Cartoon HD is a fantastic Android app that lets you watch Movies and TV shows ...  

 secretary Jasmine Jae gets fucked anally by her boss Brazzers #BigTits #Ass #Brunette #Ja… 

me: sakuro killing stalking all of my mutuals: we fucking hate you

I always make sure to feed my dog the best food i can! #HillsPetCrowd #sponsored 

Backing Leeds all season, waiting on them for £300 and they can't even deliver. Finished with them hope they don't even get play offs now  

Arrest reportedly made in double-fatal hit-and-run crash #JerseyCity  

Here’s how Twitter reacted as One for Arthur wins the Grand National  

#MLB Wire: Final Four 2017 results: NCAA Tournament scores, tip times, bracket, TV info... - 

   =  #tgif can't take this week serious anymore   cheers to the weekend lovely peeps  … 

Fair play to #pepsi for apologizing for missing the mark with #PepsiAdvert it's pretty insensitive but not many would admit their mistake

warning to anyone who spends the night with me: beyond a certain time of night, i will get very sad and it will be very shitty

i'm sorry but ppl who think brendon urie is the epitome of vocal talent are so fucking boring

Oh right, my old twitter account was deleted. So of course my videos won't automatically be linked to here. I need to fix that later.

Mad how ungrateful some people are and appreciate nothing you do for them, you'd be fucked if I didn't run about after you pal   

Lincoln FORD OEM 2015 MKC Rear Seat-Headrest Cover Right EJ7Z78501A04CG  

Agh this is so annoying cuz im at work and i cant stop from crying so lame         

- I've dated a couple dudes that were opposite asf than me. Like none of the same interests... I don't think I want to do that again.

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

I'm not gonna get over those Minhyuk pics in my fucking life oh dear god

[HAPPY BIRTHDAY JU-NE] originally posted by  #iKON #JUNE #BIRTHDAY... by #ygent_official via… 

Arm yourself with the tools to accelerate your journey to the #asaservice economy. #AWSSummit Sydney… 

Why does the house insist on fucking up when I'm home alone

#AYTOSecondChances even tho he's like psycho i feel bad for gio :/ he did the right thing , i hope he gets help and comes back better

100% Authentic Smok Alien 220w Starter Kit w/o TFV8 Baby Tank US free Shipping  

Can't get shot by cupid so I fucked her in my vest #Dolph  

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Atletico midfielder Koke had his €70k watch stolen at gunpoint in underground carpark yesterday evening it says here 

Did Kendall maybe mention her upcoming gig to Kanye? You think he might have said yeah that's not the best idea? #PEPSI

#Stocks Money borrowed to buy stocks hits record - USA TODAY: Money borrowed to buy stocks… 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

I just checked the #uniregistry database and it appears  is available for $330.00/ year. 

Nothing says "namaste" like adding these paint colours to a room in your home! #homedecor #zen 

Singing Success - A Systematic Vocal Training Program Download Singing Success - A Systematic Vocal Training Progr 

Islamic State says US 'being run by an idiot' 

Orthodox Torah Judaism is the fastest growing religion in Africa. Former Christians, former Muslims and messianic a… 

I FUCKING HATE YOU HOWWW!!! WHAT WAS THE DEAL 

A new surgery may be able to give men their own womb within the next 5 years? 

Awesome win last night for the Colorado Rockies baseball team! I miss home sometimes just watching them play!

Especially while a lot of people complaining about it for like 2 years and it only recently blew up here in the west

How can execs stay sharp in this dizzying business world?   — Forbes (Forbes) April 1, 201…

Don't none of you worthless assholes disturb me today..

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

Idk how I did 12 years of public education getting in at 8am easily and now I struggle to make it to my cardio kickboxing class at 8:30

Inner City Pastoral Ministry Lunch Once again I ask for the generosity and support of the congregation of Mill... 

Nissan X-Trail X-Scape goes soft-roading with its own pet drone - Roadshow  

Art for the Naughty Generation Sharing is Caring  #90s #MDMA #fabric #gurn 

First this lesbian sex starts off with soft kissing and turns into a wild lesbian lick fest 

Now it's important at international, European and national level to recognise #discrimination on base of… 

#bitcoin Price Watch; Wide Range, Strong Targets - Bitcoin News #featured #price #Range  

The Next News Network - BREAKING: TIM KAINE MAKES SHOCK PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT ABOUT TRUMP'S SCOTUS PICK 

Uber Now Lets You Edit Your Pickup Location After Requesting a Ride  #MacRumors

Any girl that put they hands on my bro is guaranteed to get they ass beat by me   

#W3C2017 Webmail is not dead - it's just not human anymore! Well, give me human conversations! 

My problem with Koream artists: I dont know how to pronounce your name I can't hanggul to save my life

Persona5 is finally in my PS4 waited a long time for this! Ridiculously in love with all the Personas  making my… 

Don't hassle me for not allowing my service dog to play. She plays A LOT. #socialcues #disabilities #servicedogs 

Hello people in #NewYork, #California and elsewhere, now you can watch a movie for free:  

Weekly Report back to /r/anarchism from /r/metanarchism [2017-04-06] [YYYY-MM-DD] 

Tonight's Italian Chicken and Vegetables and Rice offsets my bad Wendy's lunch! 

This is my 'omg why the fuck have I got the trots at this hour when I need to sleep' face!!!! 

Arthogen For Cat Arthritis Arthogen are supplements that will help in easing the pain and wear and tear that is as 

#Stockholm Multicultural idiots got what they have been asking for. Sad for victims, their blood is on the hands of Swedish establishment

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of those Spooky guys at Thriller Bark!  #TreCru 

Many Tamilians r living in Gujrat, I never feel so. Even my Deputy mayor of my town is also Tamil, Most of them r e… 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

I wonder if there's an untapped market for someone to play horror games without pretending be to be scared/having drank like 7 monsters

16h Hampton Lucy: Temp. 20.4 °C, Hum. 48 %, Bar. 1020.6 hPa, Rain 0 mm, Wind 0.9 m/s SW #Weathercloud

I moved all labs off MacPros at the last job when 10.7 launched. iMac was powerful enough and you get a gorgeous di… 

EastEnders Spoilers: Will Martin get help for Stacey? How will Sharon react to…  

"The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom." - Henry Louis Mencken … 

Ford built a baby bed that feels like it’s driving around the neighborhood  

Democrats, Who would you vote for if the election was today, and you could NOT vote for HRC or Bernie?   

If you escaped what I've escaped⁰You'd be in Paris getting fucked up too    ️    

Newcastle United player warns teammates ahead of trip to Sheffield Wednesday  #swfc

me panicking over due dates and then panicking over lack of time and then panicking because i'm panicking 

Have you ever cried so much and so hard to the point where you actually get really dehydrated and you can't get air into your lungs it's scary

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

Harley: Ooh. Two Sherlocks. *walks over to mr holmes* Holmes: You Disgusting Woman. Harley: I Know. You Love Me. Don't Say You Don't.

Joe Cocker - With A Little Help From My Friends - Time Warp Radio Song of the Day -  

Authentic Pandora Walt Disney World Resort charm "Park Exclusive"  

I lied. The ice storm hit on April 1st 22 years ago. Couldn't remember if it was my mother's 40 or 50th surprise b-day party.

Our beautiful child Jacquelin drew this for us from Ecuador :) she's going to college next year… 

Vacation in #Beijing #JWMarriottHotelBeijing starting at CNY1122.80  

#quote Dear God, I've tried my best but if today I lose hope, please tell me that your plans are better than my dreams.

Anti-Government Protesters Set Fire To Legislative House In Paraguay (PHOTOS)  

I think green looks even better on a wet and cloudy day    

Travel’s Biggest CEOs to Speak at Skift Global Forum NYC, Sept 26-27 -  

edutopia: Ready for a change? Here are a few things to consider first:  #edchat  Learn from…

Message:"We do the work for you, take all the risks and you enjoy the profits...." -  

This past weekend was a memorable one- the rest of Stormy's puppies made their journey up north to their forever... 

I lowkey fucked up the footage of my movie now I need to buy a $150 plugin to fix it my producer's probably gonna kill me   I just wanna kms

#Latham to lead NZ in Ireland, uncapped Rance in squad # Scott Kuggeleijn topped the wicket charts in the ... -… 

Another starlet with a famous dad. That's it! I'm finding a way to cheat the system. #ActorsLife #Hollywood

College Student Gets Her Pussy Fucked Broke 

im listening to Anamanaguchi and their song "Miku" came on and for a minute it sounded like she said "i'm fucking Miku" and i WISH IT WAS

i've never met any queens before i'm so Fucking Scared for haters roast

Left logics new single on repeat after leaving the house and I come home to see my home burned to the ground.

Stop killing people you fucking twats #PrayForSaintPetersburg

Russell Westbrook falls one rebound short of history, still dominates in OKC win 

I can't wait for the look on Claire's face when all 4 of those dumbasses show up on her doorstep again

frank just play your fucking song you trifling im sick

Global warming fail: Study finds melting sea ice is actually helping Arctic animals 

No I don't respect prostitution. I respect organisations who try help woman get out of it and despise ppl like you… 

Wa cb la my both sides lupsup people fucking gao eh I cannot concentrate

NYC jobs market booms under Cuomo — but rest of state lags behind  

I love his singing voice so much, it's so raspy and tender, when will I be blessed with a full singing album   

 Fast Wireless Charger PLESON Fast Charge QI Fast wireless Charging pad Stand ...

Cronyism is one the biggest aspects of a fascist government. Check your history books. 

Stop this appointment, look at what S happening N Venezuela to T Supreme Crt just voted T get rid F Congress1st ste… 

For those desperate to defend Obamacare, "aggressive" rate increases and fewer doctors/hospitals are just dandy.… 

I care about you. I care about how my actions impact you. Because, I love you. :) Regina 

Spice up your lobster roll with avocados! You’ll be so glad that you did. Check out the recipe! #AFMsweepstakes -… 

"Is it saint Patrick's day or am I fucking tweaking"

We've been hard at work rescuing another medieval gem - #LlwynCelyn in Monmouthshire  

Canada and US continue focus on chemicals of mutual concern and intend to warn of chemicals that could become CMCs early 

Im sick i just put this pot roast in the oven mandatory 4.5 hours cooking time

Please watch, subscribe, give feedback Thank you so much  

You feel invincible because everything you do now furthers you... More for Cancer 

Me Everyday: I'm Not Staying Up All Night Ima Be Sleep By 12:30-1 Me Everyday at 5am:     Otp Laughn and Shit

Well. What a season it's been. 3 sellouts. Plenty of goals. Fights by the bucket load. Lots of new friends. 1/4 finals of the cup and playoffs

Monaco 1-4 PSG: 7th French League Cup : Paris Saint-Germain have become the first Fre..  

Oh good. Nice to know you are slowing down a bit. Did you just mention Xmas???? You fiend!!!… 

‘Naam Shabana’, Rahul Bose directed ‘Poorna’ top Bollywood releases this week 

German tourist rape case: Victim leaves Chennai, to be in touch with cops online - Deccan Chronicle  #Chennai

Happy FRIDAY !!! I have several High Rise Condos in Downtown Atlanta starting in the $220's, Luxury at its Finest!!… 

Set up defensively and we have restricted Sheffield United well in the first half. Created nothing ourselves, however. Boring half. #PUSB

||: I don't know what I've done to deserve you, but thank you all from the bottom of my, uh, stone heart. I'm uneq… 

Can charter schools fix #education in America?  #charterschools 

Reporter- Who's the best striker in PL? Zlatan- Lukaku is good and Aguero Reporter- Not you? Zlatan- Lions don't compare themselves to humans 

Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile. - Elizabeth Barrett Browning #quote

Assad is probably not the Enemy. Should Gaddafi have given up earlier? Generations are doomed anyways.

IM SORRY WE WERENT THAT LOUD BUT I LOVE YOU AND YES MALAYSIA IS HOT AS SHIT AJXHHSJX 

“I like to believe that love is a reciprocal thing, that it can’t really be felt, truly, by one.” #ALDUBxDTBYIkawPaRin

Debie-rise zips through the course but fails to complete the puzzle .. She clocks out #BBNaija #BBNaijaUpdates

British cancer patients 'five times less likely' to get new drugs than French -  

Revealed: #Industry leaders #confirmed for CN Summit 2017  Construction News 

The Art of Storytelling. The Ideas of Its Implementation  

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly has settled multiple complaints about his own behaviour with women, according to a report: 

I hate when girls wear Jordan's in those IG fitness model workout videos    but I really just hate Jordan's in general

He's throwing Trump a bone after trump gave him his *word* he would repeal ocare. 

Busty oiled brunette combines fucking with handjob 

Not that I give a shit, but this dude will be the next candidate for the presidential election of the democrats 

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

People in your immediate environment may be the cause of emoti... More for Capricorn 

"These Caves Date Back To The Stone Age, And People Are Still Living In Them 

I immediately regret my decision wearing a onsie to come to maccies  getting the worst looks like I dont know I look like a twat   

While adaptability is often a useful trait, your infamous stub... More for Taurus 

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

Trump Settles Suit With Celebrity Chef Over Scrapped Restaurant -   

I was riding in your Hummer Baby, isn't it a bummer that it's over Crazy, I used to call you baby But now you hate me

Want to have your cock gagged? Expert girls are ready to bang on! Signup here!  

It is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman in a wide house. Pro 21:9 KJV

Christian Drug Rehab Alcohol Treatment, 27382 Calle Arroyo, San #sanjuancapistrano #bestofcapistrano #capistranonews 

You are a force to be reckoned with wherever you go now, and ... More for Aries 

This lion was forced to live in captivity for over 20 years... Watch him finally experience freedom.. 

Make the best of the west coast. Enter to win everything you need to plan an epic drive up the scenic west coast: 

The fact that even ONE college-educated woman voted for that truffle pig of a president we have blows my mind. Hi,… 

#Not able to write a data into a file while downloading in php #Tech #News #HowTo 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

After Edmund - Dance Like You're from the Future  #nowplaying #listenlive #OJNR

To everyone who voted in this poll... your vote was in my Speech this morning, lol 

Hillary Clinton was the only presidential candidate who studied Healthcare world wide, reformed on state, federal a… 

Inconsistent comparison - where different methods of comparison are used, leaving one with a false impression of the whole comparison.

Hate that every time i'm home from uni some shits getting done to the house and i can't just chill

as soon as exams are over i want to find a quick job, get a placement maybe, start gym and just grind everyday, maybe a holiday at the end

Bucky Brooks at  takes the crown in the "he gets us" category:  

That's me wanna know why am so mlg and bad ass it's because somebody wanted to roast me but I ended up roasting him… 

Anyone else get a ridiculous sense of fate when a tweet miraculously ends first time with 0 remaining characters... Or am I just a looney?!?

#Libya a family in #Benghazi decides to turn their garden into a farm to plant their daily needs of vegetables due… 

Wear'em to fuck, stroke, for piss play and blowjobs,or under gear for a bigger bulge  

McNabb, Romo, Garcia, Vick, it doesn't matter, Wentz. But Carson can move up with time. 

why the fuck would they be shopping butt ass naked???? i literally hate twitter 

Y'all in Nigeria really think the annoyance is that it's a white girl offering the Pepsi and not a POC yeah? Like I said before log off.

All about my #expertise on #Entrepreneur-ING series books - look inside the books with me here -->… 

fucking give up with this media project I hate Final Cut Pro I hate everything

 Yes the CGT should be collect by the seller and investigation should me done why govt let seller run away . #ncell

NOW AVAILABLE via SNS adidas NMD R1, R2, and CS2 Shop here ->  

#asshole #real fuck #yes toriblack #blowjob #forest hentai 

Clinton and Rubio allegedly targeted by Russian #hackers: Sen. #Marco_Rubio announced during a Senate Select… 

unless you're respectful then we can chat but i'm not an anti. i have an opinion based on shit i've seen, just like u. mine just isn't yours

Renae Cruz Fucked Apres douche 

23 years old and I want a fake ID for the fuq of it. Someone DM me their plug number I want a South Carolina ID

#InternationalFactCheckingDay sounds like something HRC's comms people came up - well-meaning and totally useless. #LoveTrumpsHate

dah lama<EMOJI>️  (with Dheby, Dwi, and 2 others at Liberica Coffee Cambridge City Square) — 

Brunette with stocking getting fucked 

since i suck and i can't match a picture of mine and one of jikook's not even once, i think ill do one with jungkook and then with jimin

#teachNVchat is back this week to talk about evaluations Thursday 7:30 PM PST // 10:30 PM EST #nvedchat #… 

So many of these companies don't actually care about these movements. They just want to be associated with them so you'll buy their products

Low key the funniest part of the surprise Rick and Morty S3 premiere is seeing all the Samurai Jack fans who do. not. care. and were PISSED

Trump Jobs: How Many the President Actually Created |  #SmartNews 

Don't forget it's pie and pudding night folks! Purchase any one of our delicious pies and enjoy a free pudding!… 

Thinking or concluding that a particular length and breadth is what determines her pleasure is VERY WRONG. #IntimateThursday

Ive been vaping this disgusting shit ive had just in case and now i just got maple pecan juice and im like 

The 1 Word That Could Make You Fall Victim To A Really Nasty Phone Scam  

Grown man was in there benching on the smith machine with no weight on there. Couldn't believe it. Did 4 sets too

You're more interested in the act of creation today than you a... More for Gemini 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

"I have those things... what are they called? Fucking standards"

I'm really more into strong minded people. People who have their thoughts intact, not scattered. People who have figured out what they want.

We rightly shit on popular "experts" that have never been to MENA, don't speak a MENA language. Left should apply same idea to our own too

imma murder the Sun for fucking this up 

The song is niiiiice I was vibing in the kitchen... Couldn't watch the whole MV though. I'm gonna have nightmares 

and after everything you put me throug i should've fucking pissed on you

#diane kruger fucking cummed wife 

you know what? i'm just gonna say it atsushi deserves more love and appreciation 

To successfully treat a symptom as a symptom is to allow the cause continue. Find out for yourself why...… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

ppl with short/thin/not a lot of hair will never understand the pain of fucking WIND

#holdthefloor Don't forget "Busterbating McConnell" and all of his fucking games 

Tonight's CSU Fashion Show is amazing! Incredible work from our talented students is on display. Well done! -tf

Or big drama staged by USA n Russia to cover up election rigging by Rus in favor of Donald trump. Hummm. ??????? 

It’s been 10 years, so it’s hard to pinpoint, but I guess a small town in Florida and super powers? #WQOTD

Trump, Egypt's president meet to talk terrorism, foreign aid  #Politics #Trump #USA

Chemtrails Exposed - The Past, Present and Future of the New Manhattan Project 

  This is merely an annoying situation. But luckily, I’ve been percolating on an idea, hellishly simple... 

bryce is fucking disgusting WHY ISNT HIS RAT ASS DEAD

take a stand in the line with the rest of my haters    y'all just mad that i be poppin and that i ain't worried bout y'all broke hoes

Wilson DEEP RED Wedge Lob Wedge Right-Handed Steel Golf Club #291  

It's #NationalCaramelDay and I'm whipping up my Salted Caramel and White Chocolate Cupcakes   what are you making today… 

“I tell people I live in Arizona only to see their eyes flicker with pity”: sternlunch on living in Tucson 

A Goodwill Carrier have amended their page visit them on  #Australia #business #Varsity Lakes

Barkada? Cmon i only have like 2-3 real peeps around me and besides i have a social anxiety how could i have a so called barkada

Awesommmmee I finally decided on a cheap wedding outfit and it had sold out by the time I clicked "add to bag"

If you're going to tell me I'm wrong, you'd better be able to prove it and you'd better know your shit. I aint playin around.

Garlic Is An Amazing Natural Remedy That Will Purge Parasites From Your Body! 

Every first Saturday of the month is mentor training. We always look forward to meeting a new… 

Ghana bribery probe clears minister: A Ghanaian lawmaker was on Thursday found in contempt… 

I would love to thank all my 802 followers for following me. Love y'all so damn much    

Dumbest sentence in a while uttered against someone in comments in fb: "Factual ka kasi, hindi ka marunong magsuri." ARE YOU FUCKING STUPID?

I have a website in building stage that is an e-learning website, but the users are able to edit content of this w… 

contemplate life. thinking about what i should've said instead of what i actually said. imagine playing another bas… 

I would absolutely hate to be in the stands watching this game. How the hell can anyone see anything? #NationalChampionship

RW: (BBC News) The number of American citizens turned away at the Canadian border has reportedly jumped significantly in recent years.

It might feel as if others are pushing you around today, but y... More for Libra 

Isis fucking around with Russia  hopefully the ruskis wipe these cunts out

IN MY LIFE ALL I NEED IS SOME HENNESSY A BAD BITCH AND A BAG OF WEED THE HOLY TRINITY

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

6 Simple Tips to Help You Pick Your Best Health Plan Before Open Enrollment Closes This Year 

So happy to see someone else has my love of photography! #photo #amaturephotographer #myboy… 

Im mad that when i leave this annoying ass place i have to go to another one 

The students, who were born in South Sudan, were ordered to take out their braids by the weekend. The school... 

if someone truly values you, they wouldn't put themselves in a situation to lose you #KeepTheChangeBae

Damn you, you vulgar beast who thinks of nothing but money. Have some shame...!

so many girls are like "buy me this and I'll be ur valentine" like damn I'd be happy to just spend the day with someone on valentines day

I know Niggas not waiting for consent cuz they can't find the clit that's like a doorbell to get in the pussy door  

VanWA News Weather Eye: Enjoy the sun, because rain is on its way to Clark County again  Clear skies and sunshine …

#ATTENTION    We are all so distracted! I cannot leave this world without blowing the whistle! You cannot escape… 

at it takes nowadays is a mf to collect cassette tapes and y'all think his word law when it comes to rap music

I won at Seoul stage with 117 points! Challenge me now![ #Bowling_King 

4) safety gloves. It's time we start calling out the hypocrisy and end our coddling of religion. No more tax breaks for churches. No more

#Fashion #Style: #Prada Saffiano Lux Medium Satchel #Bag-NWOT  

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

#trancefamilyspain: Nueva release de Damaged Records: Freedom Fighters and Ivort - Creature From The Lost World... 

Shocking scale of our air quality crisis highlighted by GreenpeaceUK. This is a national problem that requires nat… 

I ain't stupid or dummy nigga why would I fuck with you

Guess what name I sniped? Let's fucking gooooo 

hottest chisk ever gets fucked 

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media captionBrexit will be painful for Britain Irish Foreign... 

App Annie: Android to top iOS in app store revenue this year  by sarahintampa

Accident cleared in #Channelview on I-10 Baytown E Fwy Outbound after Sheldon, stop and go traffic back to The E Sam Houston Pkwy #traffic

Big Brother Naija: Wizkid Joins Team Efe  -  

My persona 5 is here! Hooray! Sure hope the dog doesn't get this plush doll. 

God-loyal people, living honest lives, make it much easier for their children. -Proverbs 20:7 #TruthFmDawnBreakTBT #IgnitionNightRoysambu

Well. About to run out of quotas. Can't play gbf later. I'll proly would and be back when I'm able to top it up again. Nighty~

1895-O Morgan Silver Dollar, Avidly Pursued Low Mintage Key Date, Choice AU+!  

my three little babies are coming over today and for right now im excited!!! i want to take them to the park and play!!!!

Chanyeol finally croaked, and he felt like he should cry but no tears are falling. "Thank you for telling me"

Spalding Consulting recruiters will be attending the Job Zone Job Fair today at the University of Mary... 

Say my name then you watch what you say, dont get carried away or you might get shot, and carried away

Sony: We can shut all the competition down with our skills of swaying and pandering to demographics. Disney: Oh YEAH?? Watch this!

Prenatal loss of father during World War One is predictive of a reduced lifespan in adulthood. Researchers. These … 

Bbw Lesbian Threesome With Dildo Fucking 

me: i love looking at cosplayers' wips i wish they would post more me working on my own shit: this is so ugly NO ONE CAN SEE

Martin Lawrence Engaged to Girlfriend Roberta Moradfar -- See the Custom-Made Ring!  #News… 

'Never tell your problems to anyone. 80% don't care and 20% are glad you have them. ' #ALDUBKSTourSaUS

Bamusikye Church of Uganda was destroyed when a heavy storm hit it's building. Also affected were Bumasikye PandS Sch… 

hijikata with mayo all over his hand: im so fucked up #shiftyshinjibot

NCC creates minimum service quality for telecom industries…  

#twitter - Bengaluru cops' twitter handle in ethical storm - Economic Times 

Trump removes Bannon from the NSC – maybe this is one of Bannon's "truly strategic" maneuvers. Or not. 

Every asking why DT always wears caps!Well it's simple he's bald but also fresh ego kid pays him for advertising   #poorman #needseverypenny

More Pain For Nvidia Traders Say It’s Off Time’ For The Top … :  ,,, 

You can withdraw your initial deposit after a few days and then we trade only with the profits, so you don't risk your money any more. #RSI

Westbrook just mouthed "motherfucka!" after those back to back 3's...one of the many reasons he deserves to be MVP #MVP

Welcome to the Beyond Four Paws Family Domino     Cute pibble cheeks that you can't help but… 

I waited 8 years for this fucking moment oh my god

#stiletto porn fucking fat moms 

I feel like many of us can relate to this statement! #ttot #travel #travelmassive #memes 

*video of some college student screaming, flailing their arms around like a fucking gorilla because someone has an opinion they don't like*

The rates in the untreated control ranges from 33.3 to 43.6%. The effects of genetic group, age and BCS on the number of lateral roots.

People think by signing a prenup it's only one sided to me it's not about the money...if you get a divorce without one you are fucked

Yang susah itu yang disini (dada;hati), that ugly feeling can stay for who knows how damn long.-Melbourne

You also kill a ton of people you idiot 

Henry James would have been vastly improved as a novelist by a few whiffs of the Chicago stockyard 

Enhanced detection of quantum dots by the magnetohydrodynamic effect for electrochemical biosensing. 

help huhu i need money i'm broke as fuck :c 

Hi, i`m a yong artist and searching the #dribbbleinvite . Do anyone have it?  May you share #invite with me on the #dribbble, please?

The preacher just said in t.v. He getting more and more tired of this world everyday. It seems like the enemy is controlling everything.

Raees making: This is how Nawazuddin Siddiqui felt after shooting Shah Rukh Khan dead – watch video 

Do you react on dms? — i always react to them, just not in the way a lot o... 

REMINDER! Only 1 hour left to enter our rep search!!!!!!!! See below for all the details… 

My s8 feet survived wearing my neighbor's s7 heels all day.  Hassle, feels like they stopped the growth of my toenails  

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

dismissed You're calling Miley a flop just because she hasn't been working lately? Guess what, she was in Haiti doing charity work dismissed

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

In other news, I've never forgiven pop music for becoming rubbish at just the point in my life when /other/ people think pop's gone rubbish.

We already see traces of play around the world after #cplay17. How can we stay in touch and keep track of the play initiatives?

imagine being /this/ fucking disrespectful 

***News: 'Somersault' : New album announcement from Beach Fossils***  

Fucking buzzin for Aberdeen away the mora. Send they rotten bastards on     

Also it's fucking 890362263749493 degrees in this damn place

I'm at a kid's party with my children andthe parents have bin playing this utter shit on repeat for da last hour and a… 

BBC News - Colombia landslides: More than 100 die as Putumayo suffers heavy rain 

=I Get 4 Rounds Of Sex Each Night -Man Who Married Two Wives Sameday in Delta State 

It what women say they "went" through when they ARE a hoe but in a relationship at the time of saying said term "ho… 

Week 6 Schedule is attached, see you on Monday. Dates for weights for varsity 0 hour may change due to SAT 

#NBA Wire: Maker's Mark: Thon scores career-high 23 pts - Thon Maker | MLW  

'She lived every day with passion:' Family, friends remember life of slain attorney 

[NBA RSS] New Orleans Pelicans center DeMarcus Cousins sits with Achilles tendinitis 

Be Comfortable Taking Risks - Kristi Ross, co-CEO and president of tastytrade, says calculated risks are what m... 

His Honesty and his gang of retards have been targeting everyone who does not agree with them point for them abuse is a 2 way street morons!

Psychotic German Couple Used Fake Newspaper Ads To Lure Women And Do The Unthinkable 

I'm a confident person who's mental health is beyond well, can't be w some1 who has an issue w everything bc of their own outdated issues

"If we don't share our stories and shine a light on inequities, things will not change" #AptoideTalks on… 

You're going by yourself because you have a problem you fucking loser.

   Wow indeed this is insane . Where the hell did the money go . Outrageous Stop bitching about Trump twee… 

      "I can accept failure because everyone fails at something, but I can't accept for not… 

Soulless woman abuser uses misogyny at desperate attempt to convince toothless trump supporters to buy a new book/b… 

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! I'm there-  

The vampire was thirsty for the first time in a while. Filthy human blood didn't seem to satisfy her burning desire, she needed the blood >>

since its general admission i wanna get there like way earlier than we usually get to concerts bc im rlly tryna get… 

Please RT if you like!! #architecture #design #architects #interiordesign Vaughan Civic Centre Public Resource… 

 Social SEO: The importance of social signals for your #SEO (2nd part) 

#Beatles #Composer SEALED THE ROYAL CONCERT 2LP #PaulMcCartney, Clapton, George Harrison 1987 UK LP… 

Predigerkirche, the Erfurt church, where Pachelbel worked for 12 years, starting in 

Yup I like it I need it from btwpakistan Formal Collection.   #BTWpakistan #BTW 

Kygo Returns to Ushuaïa Beach Hotel for Summer 2017 Residency With Special G...  #bilboard 

hello am bright from Ghana and am a footballer but here in Ghana s very hard to achieve your dreams please i need… 

While we are the #1 automobile accident law firm in Southern California, The Law Offices of #LHP handles many different practice areas.

I get buddy the house steps yale found four cadavers so gruesome still fluid sat back days I over the an could had fellow wall

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

Hope your birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come true! May today be filled with laughter and love. Happy... 

Prof Brian Cox clearly explains the biologists' view: improbability of human-like life existing elsewhere in the Universe #StargazingLive

me: *has nobody in my line for the first time in 2 hrs* customer: Oh! Are you waiting for me!? me: 

Please Sign and RT: Close Bangkok Safari World For Exploiting Orangutans By Making Them Perform In Boxing Matches!!  … 

How on earth do you send a voicenote to the wrong person? To a group at that? Lmfao. Yah talk fi a whole minute and nuh realise? Wow.

Just finished workshop and the teach assistant was on fire on my project! /////v//// so happy he approved it

"You're just looking to complain." That's fucking reality. Y'all don't even realize your privledge. It's your norm. It's all you've known.

We interrupt the end of the Republic to review Jack Friedman's morning exercise class (and its participants) at... 

Best boyfriend award goes to my mans he waited 2 hours at ulta just to get the Anastasia brow wiz for me  

GRAPPLE: To fight,especially in order to win something. I Always GRAPPLED with my bro..   

Check out the best universities for industry connections voted for by students  

You Think You Have What It Takes To Be Featured As Artist Of The Week? #Interview 

If that bitch mad tell her we can put her on   ‍ 

Your life is a study of extremes today. On one hand, you're in... More for Virgo 

I knew I forgot something when I went to the grocery store today...... It was those damn dinosaur chicken nuggets  

Murray gives Seagulls dream start but they lose Dunk. Follow Albion v Birmingham City from the Amex  #bhafc

#CFR Expose' None Dare Call It Conspiracy by Gary Allen  Video  April 06, 2017 at 04:45AM

Recommended​ Website folder structure? via

don't understand, some people talk sooo much smack on Trump but use his really funny memes. like hating a female but liking her selfie.

When is Reneigh coming back from NewZealand so we can go to Earlsanddiscuss my mental health that she's concerned about after seeing my tweets

This guy is a fucking genius. 

woke up this morning looked in the mirror and said damn i'm ugly

Beautiful day out on Saguaro Lake with my DreamTrips group! Absolutely beautiful day! #arizonalakes #asltravel... 

Calvert-Lewin just looks lost at the moment. Surprised Lookman or Mirallas didn't start, but can't be long.

I don't get a single cent from ticketsales or concessions either. I'm not paying $10 for snack nachos. See ya next… 

Women's trick or treat collapsible bucket  |  

Why did the Peake baseball boys grill a fucking snake today and eat it       

Ahh so it's not the "nappy" part that outraged the TL, it's the "nappy headed cum guzzling hoe" that did it? Gotcha

 9500HR Upright Exercise Bike with Heart Rate Measurement 

I been popping pills and fucking bitches, I feel like a rockstar

The great thing about going to a school whose color=orange, is that there's orange everything   since I need a new sketchbook..might as well

"For his part, Cromwell's real purpose was to enlist the financial support of the rich Amsterdam Jews..." 

I HATE PEOPLE WHO FUCKING WALK SLOW LIKE OH MY GOD GET OUT OF THE FUCKING WAY

Cancer-linked chemicals build up in 'every organ' in mice, UAB researchers find 

Listening to this jerk congman Eric Swalwell I couldn't believe my ears hearing this idiot blabbering well rehearsed nonsensical rhetoric

“There is no epidemic in ... But that doesn’t mean there aren’t children that need our help.” 

"they might call u weird. they might call u crazy. but just remind urself, those r all the geniuses anyways" -Ralph Smart

We are one church in the city and today we pray for Crossroads Baptist Church. #woodsedgechurch… 

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Chasing Hindy: A Novel Invention" by Darin Gibby (Author).  #giveaway

04/04 0038: MFM:dm_spacestation, William.Mojo, Bishop, Player 2663333333333, Mr.Roboto-Mojo, GLA=-0-, -SAVAGE.PERSON

"When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours"

Mike Flynn Offers to Testify in Exchange for Immunity,. #tcot #tlot #P2 #MAGA 

Assad uses chemical weapons in Syria - Response Recap Putin:  Trump: Obama's fault Tillerson: Can't. Napping. Kend… 

Enter to win a Delta Vacations trip to visit the set of When Calls the Heart to meet the cast! 

Blonde #Bitch Sucks Him off in #Classroom -  #BigBoobs #BigTitsAtSchoolChannel… 

[  ] Exclusive: More than 100 die in Malaysian…  | 

So I woke up at 8 but I kept going back to sleep even tho I rlly had to pee and it is now 1:10 pm and I am finally peeing,       

Ebony gays cock sucking and ass fucking 

stop i'm so scared now this ruined my night this is all fucking gooby's fault

NEW #JOB: VP IB Technology Risk. Barclays [United States] #BankingJobs #FinTechJobs 

God I wish he'd stop talking! Fucking in denial this fool! 

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive Profile: Those who follow their dreams!  #TreCru 

Here's The Real Way To Fix The Teen Sleep Loss Epidemic  

Singer Luke Bryan, jokingly, gets political about ACM Awards  

not as simple as just going south! Juv. Swallows ringed here last autumn recaptured in same season to the NW of us!… 

my dumbass fucking laptop died while i was watching tgd omg

Poll: Most Californians Oppose Gov. Jerry Brown’s Plan to Raise Gas Taxes  

i never post pictures like this but i have been loving myself a lot lately and i have a lot of respect for myself so here u go

White House officials, lawmakers hold talks to revive Trump's healthcare bill 

New post from Second Grade Nest: Free End of the Year Webinar  

Blueshite resorting to bad dirty tackles!! Little fuckin rats, can't take gettin skooled! AGAIN! #MerseysideDerby

Click here to watch it:  College girl fucking two and taking faci...  Add me on snapchat: it… 

TOP STORIES: New Policy Should Accomodate Physician EHR Documentation Demands | #EHR #HIT 

Seeing #BeautyAndTheBeast reminded me of playing this handheld game! #vintage #oldschool #tigerelectronics 

Need to let my anger out dude. Never been so pissed off.

[MLB: Cardinals] Victory extra sweet for Grichuk, J. Martinez  #STLCards #Cardinals

Thanks for the allowance, Dojima. I mean, I make triple this in one afternoon of killing shadows, but

05:00 IST: Temperature: 7.3°C, Wind: SW, 3 kph (ave), 6 kph (gust), Humidity: 66%, Rain (today) 0.0 mm, Pressure: 1036 hPa, steady

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "LED Headlamp Torch Outdoor Rechargeable Headlight for..." by HT.  #giveaway

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

How have we only just come across this?     #Snapchat definitely won April Fool's day with that joke!   … 

1rt and I'll throw my ps4 out the window because 2k is FUCKING TRASH

I WISH I COULDVE DONE THIS INSTEAD OF TAKING A STAAR TEST FOR 5 HOURS AND 15 MINS 

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

Nikki Haley threatens "our own action" in Syria if UN doesn’t act  (corrects previous tweet's quote)via cnnbrk

Streaming, Vinyl, Royalties and More: 5 takeaways from the RIAA's year-end report  

I seriously need to stop procrastinating. Shits so annoying!

Camille Lixx fucking a thrusting machine 

"Elizabeth Ongoro" Joho has told the president to get ready for serious battle   of no return..."Am the elected gov… 

"I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judge by the color of their skin...

#LongIsland #TechNews: What growing Jewish settlements in the West Bank mean for Mideast peace efforts 

‘Read My Lips, No.’ Vladimir Putin Denies Russia Meddled in the Presidential Election  

I just fucked myself up with a zipper on a sweatshirt

Arthritis among children isn't commonly discussed, but check out what it could mean for you and your kids! 

We tested Qantas’ free inflight Wi-Fi (and the results were surprisingly good)  #TECHNOLOGY 

Global Lincoln - The Gilder Lehrman Institute of American...  #EuropeanHistory 

 View the Full porn video clip here  》  》 RT elmagic04450208: 

O fuck!! But the abc boys r worried bout kratom n MJ 

Our team hard at work today packing these awesome gift bags for you! Our roadshow is happening in less than 9... 

note to self; the sooner you realise nobody cares the sooner you can stop making an idiot out of yourself

Thank you, dad. I've been wondering where you were all these years and why you left us. Mom always said you'd come ho… 

If You Wish Up on A STAR Makes No Difference who you are My Beautiful Wife Mrs. Zenabu Acosta want to get Married… 

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

Alycia: *breathes* me: THE EXECUTION... THE EMOTION BEHIND IT... NO ONE CAN COMPARE... SHE HAD THE AUDIENCE ON THEI… 

a relationship can't always be 50/50, sometimes ur partner is gonna be going through something and u gotta pick up the slack for them..

yes BREW world order would have been funnier god fucking dammit

Pesan di hari SENIN; Nothing GROW In Comfort Zone. #thereissomuchtodo #lovejogja 

Came home from training,tired wildly ! Push,don't be shy  

Rep Anastasia Williams will remain on board but has officially stepped down from John Hope. 

In October 2015, Appalachian GhostWalks accepted the Reader's Choice Award for Best Ghost Tours in America for... 

Trump is taking too much meds that makes him crazy, paranoid schizo. #PresidentLoco 

I love Disney Instagram and it's obsession with colored walls #blueberrywall 

Zuma has officially Fucked SA up finish and klaar #cabinetreshuffle

All the flashbacks.. and all the memories. It really fucking hurts...

ELLIE WAS TRYING SO HARD TO GET ON THE PERISCOPE AND SHE FINALLY GOT ON IT AND SHE ENDED IT IM CHOKINGAJSJSJ

So Ozil turns up in a game against a team sitting 15th and he's currently GOAT again...... fuck off, they're 15th for a reason

Golden Dawn: Greek far-right party's offices attacked with sledgehammers  ^Independent 

CELEBRATING MY 21st BIRTHDAY PARTY TONIGHT HMU !!! KEG,JELLO SHOTS , JUNGLE JUICE !!!! HMU STARTS AT 11

Am I too satcastic to be in your list? Go fuck yourself!! xD 

My princess has her first picture day next week and her first school field trip #iloveyou #myprincess

Trump notified congress and allies a whole 10 minutes before impact. Don't believe claims that he sought input or adv… 

5 ways content marketing can stoke customer loyalty  #contentmarketing #marketing via… 

i just can't record or take a picture of myself crying   like hell nah . . ion know how you fees do it   ‍

I have 13 new followers from UK., and more last week. See  

Biz Tips: A Successful Business Begins With a Successful Customer List...  … RT #bizitalk #marketing #Money …

How An Affiliate Network's Mistake Is Making GoDaddy Lose Business To Namecheap 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

Who's there   #FeatureMe #lit#Liveme Topgun fire   :  

Has proven very difficult to nail the slimy bastard Obama. Thats why the are blocking Sessions. Trump will get it done, and justice done

fuck i meant 10. i cant type bc the bus is violently vibrating and its also almost midnight

When a business has their own WiFi and a public WiFi but the public is locked, too 

Twitter is getting rid of the egg avatar because that will totally fix the abuse problem  

[NFL: Detroit Lions] THE DAILY DRIVE: ESPN's Kiper bumps up Lions' '16 draft grade to B-plus  #Lions

'This Husband Has Lost Confidence So He Installed Hidden Cameras. What He Found Out Left Him Speechless 

.BigAfrika88 is embracing the supersub role with the PhilaUnion:  

UPDATE: 140: A.H. Lacson Ave N still causing an extra 20m delay #ManilaTraffic  

are you fucking kidding me mate 

With my girlfriend fucking in a motel 

I am a solitary wave in the dark and desolate sea: and the sparkling glass I drank was drugged with misery

Aldrich Ames, C.I.A. Agent Turned K.G.B. Spy - The New York Times | Politics and Current…  #PoliticsampCurrentEvents

1000m Waterproof Wireless Motorcycle Helmet Bluetooth 3.0 Intercom Headset NEW  

The only cash transfer that we've seen with #Brexit so far is from productive business into legal consultancies.

Im friending to smoke with someone and no one wants to smoke with me. Can't tell if I'm a loser or everyone's being a lil bitch

Bring her home to finish fucking 

im so fucking pissed he has me this whipped, for all of these YEARS

Unholy Blowjob and Fucking 

A KING AND HIS CROWN FUCK HES A CONTENT I APPRECIATE SO BAD 

Hide your true yourself to please othesr and you'll be a dead body with a pulse 

  Must see NEW listing! Beautiful home on a quiet street     For price, address, and more photos:... 

Why do adults seem shocked when you tell them you don't know where you see yourself in 5 years, I DONT FUCKING KNOW!!!!

"We can't risk World War III." I daresay not, after your side lost World War II. 

#FridayFeeling Who we really need to be afraid of in public bathrooms:  #HB2 #Trans Rights Are Human Rights

Derby City Council puts former Debenhams building up for sale | Derby Telegraph 

Goddddddddddd that makes me feel so fucking shitttyyyytt

Transfer News: Arsenal deal exposed, Man Utd's £30m blitz, Chelsea and Liverpool floored #Chelsea… 

3rd BONUS LEVEL: Take full vitamin supplementation ++ and exercise while over hydrating the day of.

Burnley in good shape with seven games to go – Sean Dyche  

NEWS: Hall McKnight wins approval for revised King’s College London plans  

There are no Saints on this show.......... NONE! Well me, when I'm on it but other than that, NONE! — watching Saints and Sinners

New post (These 2 'Microworkouts' Are Super Short and Majorly Effective) has been published on Muscle Health ... -… 

things like this make me wanna fucking kill myself

We Support New York's Anti-Declaw Bills A595 and S3376!  

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

Merck in hot water over dangerous shingles vaccine that caused numerous injuries, deaths –  

Driving my mom around consists of: Backseat driving Radio station demanding "You're going to fast!" Bitching about no tissues in the car

1103:680 two or three lords and ladies more married: if our sport had gone forward, we had all been made men. #AMNDBots

Things SJWs care about: Having MORE females in ME:A Things SJWs didn't care about: Only playing one gender in Legend of Zelda

My skin is breaking out sooooo fucking bad !!! Idk why

On my new FB author page for my #MorrisBrickThrillers I reveal the inspiration for Morris's bull terrier, Parker 

I'm so happy that my college timetable is being changed because it means I get a lay in every day of the week  

William Blair Investment Management LLC Has $91,913,000 Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) 

Kawakami calling the P5 MC's phone and asking him to request her gives me a funny but funny feeling in my pantaloons.

#NowPlaying En #jotabecheradio escuchas "Oh happy day" en la voz de Steve wonder and Aretha Franklin and Mavis Staples #jotabeche

scouse sex #fat fucking teenages 

#makemoney #getpaid Get Paid To Mess Around On Facebook And Twitter  

I just need a swimsuit that doesn't expose my chest when I do a sick ass cannonball into the pool ya feel?

eBay won't let me log in so I can't buy the power rangers outfit... Why do I feel like this is intentional?? -_-

BUT, these fans seem to forget that the fascist Emperor Donald Trump is about to plunge us into WWIII. Idiots all.

Yay! It's the weekend! Before you go and enjoy your glass of prosecco please remember those who can't. Please suppo… 

Wardrobe Closet Organizer System Kit Clothing Storage Shelves Hanger Rack Shelf  

Passengers stuck on delayed flight get "amazing" surprise  

Trump accepts Xi's invitation to visit China #XiJinping #XiVisit  

Of course they would the fucking ghouls 

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

Love this woman katydiddles immensely. HAPPY BIRTHDAY gorgeous lady. Thank you for always being… 

#AllSports Michigan State Basketball has 8th-best odds to win 2018 national title 

  YASSS It's time for a great show CadeChute:#Smite #Gaming #Chill #I  

Bootylicious Nicole Raging In Her Heat Getting Fucked 

If we are passionate with what we do, then it is very easy to commit expansion and improvement. # Wisdom

Amazon, Big Basket, Grofers get nod from Centre, set to invest $695 mn in food retail 

#tranny sex girls anima fucking 

RCB captain Kohli, who is nursing an injured right shoulder, will have his recovery reassessed in second week of April

It is time to draw close to Him    Father, I draw near to you now and always  

BRYCE CAN KILL HIMSELF THAT FUCKING DISGUSTING ASSHOLE I HATE HIM WITH ALL MY HEART AND SOUL

imagine if I got to show Tyler my Jim Carrey tattoo and he lost his frickin mind 

GOOGLE NEWS FULL RSS from your keyword choice!  | #PODEMOSDestruye | Brighton #SEO – Advanced Local #SEO Tips to…

UN chief alarmed by Israel’s approval of new settlement  

2M 4K High Speed HDMI Cable With Ethernet Audio Return Channel 3D v1.4 HD Lot  

if that's overweight i am fucking obese 

Just had my second encounter with the police. I'm relieved to say it was a lot better than the first encounter.

i need to be ready at 6:30 and i need to take a shower but i'll be late bc my parents don't let me use the bathroom now

NeuroMetrix Inc NURO Medical Equipment Deals and Alliances Profile Updated 24012017 Prices from USD $250 

So is Bannin out? Or does he go back to his former role of "creepy dude lurking around the White House?"

The tragedy in life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. #quotes 

Dirty doggy position with homos 

#wp_MLB #wp_MinorLeague Minor League Baseball Class Action Proceeds On Unpaid Overtime ... - Legal Examiner 

there was one night when i saw a blue light through the curtains, i was so scared but when i went to the window to see, the light was gone--

Humans are incapable of unconditional love. I don't care what anybody says! We simply can't do it. Finish klaar.

Vote now: Do you think students should have access to Wi-Fi on school buses? YES or NO 

People need to realise that if the person giving you lip fillers is making you look like a duck.. THEY AINT DOING IT RIGHT

Ikea Knubbig 8-1/4" Globe Shaped Green Leaf Table Lamp AS-IS No Box  

WHY CAN'T I FINISH THIS ESSAY?!!?!! I NEED SOME FUCKING MOTIVATION

I would break my fucking TV 

Found a Transponder Snail! Killer rabbits?! Amazing fauna on one winter isle!  #TreCru 

Facebook Messenger’s AI “M” suggests features to use based on your convos  #connectx

#going anal school girl fucking video clip 

The fact that she was even asked this question makes me want to launch myself into the fucking sun. 

Once again, YES I AM IN FUCKING MATRIC. That does not make me inferior to you motherfuckers

South Carolina led by Dawn Staley and A'ja Wilson just won their first Women's NCAA Basketball Championship!

Part of Barrington is closed, but not our part - come get a pastry and watch them explode the old discovery center - breakfast and a show

whatever man, milk-shame me all u want but my calcium levels are off the fucking charts so call me in 50 years

I believe in promoting Rick bands period. Later this year hopefully I can start my merch giveaways #Pumped

Watford 1-0 Sunderland: Miguel Britos heaps misery on Black Cats - 5 things we learned #watford #sunderland #miguel… 

 NZ, I wonder what you're doing right now?Im watching a fire, thinking about you.Finding music for you to hear,feel

nasty as shit might as well go eat some grits 

You know you're in college when you're sick and chicken ramen noodles are the closest thing you have to soup  

Are Lange watches worth five figures? The Watch Snob has an opinion (obviously)  

I really should turn into a private account. I don't know who on Earth this person is 

Wind 6.3 mph NE. Barometer 30.07 in, Falling slowly. Temperature 80.4 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 43%

Here's a great #STEMProject. Use a bar #magnet to make a cool little magnetic car! 

#4hshared sixs lady girl passed out getting fucked 

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

The Torrez family treats me like their own and it's honestly the best!! They are like my second family  

No hesitation Ündress yourself Do a selfie Email it to me Sword and Scale is the best podcast; please rate it 5/5 on itunes. It's important

Cockroaches, rodent droppings shut down 3 Los Angeles restaurants - LA Daily News 

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

"An hour and dirty minutes"... That's a fucking mixtape tittle.

GOT A NEW SKETCHBOOK AT LAST. Hey guys. Sry for my absence, I'm not dead haha. I've just had too… 

Of Love and Other Demons: ‘Top of the Lake’ (Jane Campion and Garth Davis, 2013)  

What do our quality indicators reveal about social care over the last few years?  

W207 Cock Cell Phone 4/5/6S Crystal Case-Deco Den DIY Iphone4 Kit  

Shout out to yyzstanleyelfood for capturing this aerial of their epic throw down meal recently.… 

It's 2 in the fucking morning and there is a helicopter circling my neighborhood... I just wanna sleep...

it's so fucking stupid I was on the website at noon what did I do wrong

THE NINTH AND TENTH COMMANDMENTS : "Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's house: neither shalt thou desire his wife, nor his servant, nor

If I were to hav a rebirth, I would rather b born as a cow in India, 4 they r treated with lot more luv and respect than the humans #holycow

Im so fucking salty that im not going to grad bash today

Can't wait for the Cupra? SEAT's Ateca FR brings some sporty SUV style for summer...  #seat 

Team USA | Bresse chicken stuffed with morel sausage, foie gras and crawfish 

Good #agile morning folks #queasosystems Energize the teams Remove their blocking issues inspire them to out-perfor… 

Im not saying that women’s opinions aren’t valuable, but yall have a higher proclivity to speak from the gut before the mind processes it

Florida just all the way fucked up. 

Horny stud sucked and fucked outdoors 

I love how Darren's like: I want two boyfriends. But they can't touch. They're mine. That's not okay. Boy, u stupid

China construction bank (#CCB) had a 1.45% increase in #netprofit for 2016  

Plan, don't procrastinate, and just do. "Plan your work for today and every day, and then work your plan." - Margaret Thatcher

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

Catch us at 14th st union square during your morning rush hour commute. Here's some vivaldi… 

WTF?! I fuckin' hate this. 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Hello my beautiful lovelies. It's officially April, which means I'm closer to finishing 2nd year… 

Everyday occurrence - something must be done: Man and woman bitten by dogs in Bolton  At least the mutts were shot.

Avocados aren’t just for eating, you can have fun with them too! Check out our activities #AFMsweepstakes -… 

Talking to Canadians who came in tonight, one said U.S. immigration asked their colleagues their religion, politics...and turned some back.

Bruh... how many times must you flat out reject someone until they leave you alone? This is ridiculous lol

Good luck to the Brighton choirs as they compete at Fullerton College today! 

What ho you calr dangerous precipitation? A rain of terror.

you are better of staying in uk or and spending your cash if you prefer to go overseas choose somewhere that doesnt… 

this is why i hate niggas    

Watch me on the #BuskerApp: HOMOPHOBIC? I'LL KICK YOUR FUCKING ASS! #Paris #Violence 

17-Year-Old Boy Helps Polytechnic To Build Nigeria's First Locally-Made Drone (Pics) 

Have you ever been to 108 wellingborough road, #northampton, united kingdom, nn1 4dr? There is 1 company.

AUDIO: Algonquins of Barriere Lake at Standing Committee on Indigenous Affairs: 

Lyft all-nighter complete. Nobody vomited. I did not die. It was a good night. The sunrise was awesome also. It's bedtime. Buenos nachos.

ALL IN MY HEAD IS ON FUCKING NICK NIGHT I AM LIVING.

You can say I'm not or whatever but I feel so fucking ugly

Join us 2morrow 4 Sun School at 9:30 w/Worship at 10:30! Pastor Fred talks from Gal 5:2-15, “Keeping In Step: Compromise Is Nor An Option!”

He was sat up looking over in my direction so I said "what's wrong now?" He responds "I dunno, slow motion or something"

A fucking syphilitic onset dementia fake president trying to figure out how to start a war to take attention away f… 

"Does it really count as CSM if it's just you?" *She smirks.* "Pretty sure it should be Royalty Records presents, Sunset Shimmer."

Your father was a ZanuPF Chairman who used his position to send you to Europe to study, yet here you are judging o… 

I said fuck not duck ! ! ! ! 

This YouTuber is giving away Gaming PC, PC parts, Phones and tons of other gadgets to his fans 

why y'all parody accounts always tweeting this nonsense with $cott's name smh 

I'm always confused on why people email in the professional world to schedule immediate meetings. Like if you need someone go to them.

Don't you ever na rub it on my face that I hadn't make the effort of staying even though how fucked up you are.

New post added at Raiseimmunity - Simple High Fiber Green Smoothie Recipe For a Healthy Body and Mind -... 

Behringer Xenyx 802 Premium 8-Input 2-Bus Mixer with Xenyx Mic Preamps and British EQs by Behringer 

i find sometimes no opportunities are presented to me and then as soon as 1 appears, many follow. i go from having none to having to choose

This month I'll work on releasing that energy and attracting people who genuinely care for my well being.

Lamar Odom Opens Up About Cocaine Addiction, Cheating in Wild Interview​  

Im making this my fucking header 

Special Thank you to Nabco for being a Diamond sponsor for our 7th Annual Jeans and Bling event!! 

Anyone have feelings for someone who has no idea? Ayye, it's fucking awful.

how u gon block me but have people reporting to u about me? STAY MAD BITCH LMAOOOO

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

part of me wants to be called death bc ehy thats me bUt that would sound so edgy "yeah my names death:

Schaff "how long do your reeds last" Solomon "I've been using this one since last January" Schaff "I didn't ask that. Nope."

The democratic party should stop the tit-for-tat political games. We rely on our Senate and Congress to work together on our behalf.

Always remember that you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. #EvolveSummit2017 #TheBirth #Quote

2 new tweeps followed me in the last week. I find relevant people to follow with the #CopyFollowers feature of 

i fell over today during practice and my mum asked how so i shower he through emojis 

Utah Jazz fan seeks to fund 'Stayward' billboard ahead of Hayward's NBA free agency 

I put my heart n soul in everthing i can. Sometimes it's the only escape I have. Through the… 

View the Full porn video here 》》  Get Android adult videos app 》》  

Hughes out. These are fucking shit Hughes, pathetic. Your a disgrace

Real Madrid Transfer News: Shock Barca move, Rodriguez decides on club, huge Man Utd boost -… 

Be careful, procrastination is a thief . It steals by the second, the minute, the hour, the day and eventually a lifetime .

AI researchers are training systems to master complex fantasy worlds in the name of science  

1. Whoever is videoing this is dumb. 2. If I walked up on this, I'm helping bro out. 3. She needs a lil reality che… 

Massa compared to what was displayed on the red carpet tonight she carried the night I beg 

No one understands how long I've been waiting for this (>9 years, RIP) and I'm so so, so, so, so over the moon about… 

  dianadors: A rare behind the scenes color photo of Jayne Mansfield getting all dolled up on the set... 

Flashing Android 7.1.2 on Nexus or Pixel devices causing issues for some users  

Good day to you all. Kindly pray for the good health and security of every member of my family in t~… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Haven't been to a bomb art gallery or museum in a minute. Definitely need to find some new ones to visit in Chicago and other cities

I'm so good at saying to myself "everyone else feels this way so it's nbd" even when it rly affects me

Now I'm really sad, but Mung says it ain't that bad

If your not eating right you won't see the improvements that your hard work deserves! Make sure you eat well and… 

Singing on "The Steve Caresser Radio Show" "Sweet Home Chicago" by The Blues Brothers,  

See The Prison Sentence House Of Reps Is Proposing For Persons Guilty Of Financial Crimes -  

I had my name written on a box for a cinnamon roll and my disgusting dirty brother at it knowing damn well that shit was mine

#xxx sri lankan fucking girl pokemon henati girls 

At summer's end the white pig got so fat it weighed more than Georgia Ray Bremser's 3 year old baby.

Ugly bad built ass bitch I would've slapped tf out her. 

Love to see a lad in his wet clinging boxers, letting the outline of his tool stand out - just a pity he's at the w… 

People are honestly fucking retarded if you think X did that to his ex lmaoo

It took me almost 2 years out of highschool to find the two girls I could actually call my bestfriends. smaller circle, better life.

I don't normally like super-hero comics... But I am passionately devoted to this new reimagining of Black Panther.… 

Everyone who uses twitter is a fucking retard 

Daughter, 18, lays tributes to stabbed mother and brother | Daily Mail Online  ➜… 

sdkldfhg. one of my supermega arts got posted to instagram... and they credited my tumblr but didnt link it or anything and... dude..

You may finally decide to show your hand today. Although you w... More for Taurus 

So as most people know my dad is a police officer and he got this yesterday 

He deserve to get fucked   

Dirty studs in storeroom fucking 

Our new #Tastemade video features our Avocado Crab Dip! This recipe is sure to be a hit! #AFMsweepstakes -… 

Just saw the racist video at the Trump rally Wake the FUCK UP AMERICA!!!

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Musiz Notez Magazine did a article about me with ppl referring to "lynch", racist, ass backwards, lame as Shh. Mad my music is doing

Although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin... More for Capricorn 

#insane cunt #ass orebro #morena wetcunt 

Trudeau defends Bombardier aid after executive compensation rose last year - CTV News 

From choosing the right professionals to signing that final contract, here are the typical steps you need to be... 

New study reveals dolphins flinging octopuses into the air  

like she didnt Yell but "oh i see youll spend thousands on yourself but not your mom ok i see fine" um it was 2k and what would i even get

Our NZ metallurgical (coking) coal can be used to make activated carbon which is used in kidney dialysis machines #InterestingFacts

Put it this way, if my lil sister were to get deported and I was good bc of this whole dream act bs I'd personally volunteer to go with her

sexy jisoo alpha jisoo or anything but he success to makes me forgot abt how to breathe 

I'm so fucking clingy omfg i need to fucking stop, but i can't, just whAI 

1 of the 3 Med Gulls (as wells as ad Little Gull) in Cardiff Bay this am, a remarkably fresh looking 2cy… 

Singaporean Exebionist Lady Fucking 

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

i'm dangerous, crazier than a bag of fucking angel dust

#sponsorlove S/O to a company that revolutionizes interactive digital media and sponsors #AR for #KWAGBigBang Party… 

Busty mom fucking her sons friend 

"How I Used Real Estate to Completely Fund My Kid's College Education" article: 

Is anyone surprised by the fact the prices are climbing at an unusual rate? I have been telling my clients for... 

I AM SOOOOOOOO FUCKING DONE WITH SCHOOL OMGOSH I HATE PUBLIC SCHOOLS I HATE THE SCHOOL SYSTEM I HATE COMMON CORE OMFFFFFGOSHH

This just really sucks man. It's like you lose the loved ones that you never would expect to lose...

Don't fucking steal my selfies??????? 

Under Armour Fishing Hooks - Car/SUV/Truck/Boat Vinyl Die-Cut Decal/Sticker iPad #7yearoracalvinyl 

i have about 4 more pages to go it seems little but in order for me to actually get it it'll take me like an hour :)):)):

adidas Tubular Nova Primeknit Glow in the Dark Grey White - Release Date Fri 07th Apr, 2017 11pm GMT =>… 

Your straightforward communication isn't nearly as clear as yo... More for Capricorn 

Temp: 45.5°F Wind:0.7mph Pressure: 29.59mb Rising Rain Today 0.01in. Forecast: Showery early, improving

Just played: Broken Into Better Shape.wav - GOOD OLD WAR -Tell Me What You Want From Me (Radio Edit) - unknown(unknown)

Does your community have bike lanes? Ever thought about riding a bike to work?  

#Java Trouble outputting ArrayList to existing file [duplicate] #Tech #News #HowTo 

Full Gallery:  Splendid lesbians with perfect tits, lips and hips meticulously suck and rubs c… 

If you ever dreamed of getting a hit in the MLB nows your fucking chance just grab a bat and face anyone in the #Royals atrocious bullpen

// Lmao. Some people are so petty and salty... And immature. Like, Wow, you didn't get your way. Cry me a river and drown in it. Thanks.

"Treating fans like cattle" Bri fucking nailed it y'all   

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

Dedicated mailman tries to be helpful, accidentally drops package in the worst place ever 

at the very end he uncovered he name it had been in the wrong stack...I was so thankful she was found and I had to share my story with him cos

#Hungary - Syria, Hungary, Marine Le Pen: Your Wednesday Briefing - New York Times 

Green tea mcflurryyy is not for my taste    maybe sbb i tak minum teh susu, green tea shj minum lah...

i went to look for a nico card for max but got distracted looking at her cards bc .Damn she really does have some nice looking cards hdbsjs

"As I can have the power to protect my comrades, I don't care if I'm weaker than everyone else in the world."

I have to shower. And go to bed. What did I do with my life today after classes? Absolutely nothing but chill on Twitter.

Wenger thinks years not winning the league/crashing out of Champions League is mitigated by Guardiola's Prem top 4 trophy comment. #hahaha

Art Fair #saatchigallery #artauction Exhibition possibility for talented artists with famous gallery 

Damn yo. I turn 25 in a few months. What should I do to celebrate? I'm thinking a weekend in AC.. or maybe I should think bigger...  

when ur watching anime and they didnt sub half of the episode so u have to rely on what japanese u do know and actu… 

Donald Trump donates first salary check to National Park Service - Washington Times 

THE HAMBURGER IS ON THE FUCKING GROUND WHY IS HUMANITY LIKE THIS 

Almost got a Switch. Almost. But then I had to set up a profile on Best Buy's site and that foiled my flawless plan.

this batch of commissions has made me fucking STUPID

What a Mania moment, wouldn't have it any other way. Welcome back Hardy Boyz #Wrestlemania #hardyboyz #brokenmania #DELETE

Fuck them, Brazilian lovatics always has to do what they're suppose to do    

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

The three degrees on TOTP, fucking hell, I haven't seen these since........last year in benidorm

when you say "what" instead of "mande" and you see your mom coming with the chancla 

wallpaper for desktop - Wallpapers HD 3D Provides awesome collection of wallpaper... 

Mums changed the towels round in the bathrooms to "same colour sets", get out the shower and have to wrap myself in a hand towel, ffs mum   

Hey Liarwatha, have you given your female staff their 29% raises yet, with back pay? Until you do, shut the hell up! 

You're taking time out of a kids learning because of 1/2 a fucking inch I think not.

Bryce is so fucking disgusting. I am in fucking tears

"God has chosen the foolish things of the world to shame the wise, and God has chosen the weak things of the... 

This is a type of music I never listen to. Good to sit back and relax for once. 

don't care if it's real or fake just know that ass fat.

So out of all the people, it had to be Kurt ugly ass

Like all it would take is like a "Annabelle do u still care" n id be totally fucking bending over backwards But y keep trying for nothing

It's gonna be a beautiful day and what better to do than work in the yard. Loads of Mulch on the road already.... 

A wild Machop appeared! It will be in Hilleroed until 5:48 AM. #Hilleroed #CatchMaps.dk  

Matthew 8:27 "What manner of man is this, that even the winds and the sea obey him!" 

Your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push... More for Leo 

#Deals #NBA BOSTON CELTICS WOMEN'S #TShirt V-NECK GREEN SIZE MEDIUM PREOWNED  #Sales

you know your friend is crazy when she says things like, "you should just screen shot it, send it to him, then block him." .....   hell no.

#DHS - #Vigilance Watchdog Agency: No Evidence Obama’s Politically Correct DHS Program Actually Did Anything  | #tcot

creep. he's fucked up for sending out those pictures 

To whoever it may concern. I am selling the set in my profile picture. I don't have a price and I am willing to Barter. Message me :D

Yeah!! The Boss Mr. McMahon is here on #RAWaftermania!! No Chance In Hell!! Wonder Vince has to say.

You're more interested in the act of creation today than you a... More for Gemini 

DHYAAN ASHESH DAVE MEANS OHMS PHILIPS MALE FEMALE 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 OHMS PHILIPS MALE FEMALEXX

✧ LANY lockscreens rt if using / saving, must be following us, and please give credits! — bea   

Mark your calendars for the Outdoor Expo at the Rez Presented by MDWFP!  

Smooven with the beautiful Shaman Princess that don't wanna show her face! S/O its_lucyyboo she… 

cock fucking cocksuckingmyself 

Yeah I think this is when everyone's back to sb and before they fight Gideon   #OUAT 

model tricked in fucking of fame 

Choice? Check. Ss self directing? Check. T facilitating? Check. This HS Science review has #LATIC written all over… 

Visiting a national park but don't have a lot of time? Here's what you should see  #nationalpark

FrontPageStocks, frontpagestocks is now trending in United States  

#LMA Wooing the Gator: Aligning Behavioral Economics With Legal Marketing. Read Blog: 

Beaded Earrings, Halloween, Day of the Dead, Sugar Skull, Skeleton Musicians, Dia de los..  #etsymntt #pottiteam

this podcast likely falls somewhere between "fish(sport only)" and "Torso (should be thick and impenetrable)" on th… 

The paint chips and scratches on the side of my car look real fucking nice. Thanks a whole lot for learning how to drive  

The OC All-Star football game will be cancelled this summer. Very sad news. Worked extra hours 2 help fill North OC roster, but all for not.

#nintendo THE ADVENTURE ISLAND PART 2 - NINTENDO NES - JEU NES COMPLET  #jeuxvideo #geek

(Wave) SWELL: 3.6 ft at 13.3 s W / WIND WAVE: 2.6 ft at 9.1 s W / WVHT: 4.6 ft / APD: 9.5 s / MWD: 266° / 8:22p PDT

I have a vision of the like six ppl (band not included) I want on my tour bus with me one day. Those will be three days man

Shut up you stupid dumbshit. FALSE FLAG. ASK ANY FUCKING SYRIAN. 

Read An Excerpt of Darcie Wilder’s Literally Show Me A Healthy Person  

#detroit #liveoncam paris #datingadvice followme #sundsvall #palermo fucking 

Dirty bondage bitch gets nipple torture from her mistress 

i hope leaders just kick retards that fake leave teams today

OMFG OMFG IM HAVING A...IDFK!!! I JUST KNOW MY MIND IS FUCKING BLOWN!!! #Wrestlemania

OK so this American gal is nuts, but I can appreciate the literal game of chess going on here #TerrorInResonance

What's your #MondayMotivation this week? We'd love to see your project pics - share them this week with… 

Fucking Asshole! There is something really really wrong with this man!!! 

I only got better when I realized nothing is worth my time except the people that love me and my own happiness.

Y'know, if Trump is looking for a diversionary war to boost his sagging approval ratings I can think of at least on… 

There are around 700 large buses operating in Lahore. This fleet is not only insufficient LTC Plans to induct 2000 new buses coming months.

Chapter 5, Verse 7 One who works in devotion, who is a pure soul, and who controls his mind and senses, is dear... 

Fast, Gentle and Safe Jock Itch Relief - Fast, Gentle andamp; Safe Jock Itch Relief With a Breakthrough Topical... 

WWE Wrestlemania 19 - Shawn Michaels vs Chris Jericho Full Match #WWE #Wrestlemania 

With more troops deploying, Fort Bragg commander says ISIS fight is 'tough and brutal' 

honestly thank god that intuition and pure stroke of luck never led me around any abusive men like perry because. my god

Snapchat, just pure fun that not all of us really want, so, some people don't sign up into Snapchat, but it's pure fun that Snapchat does

Just know that if there were a real zombie apocalypse and zombies ran... I'd probably just give up.

#island women fucking turkey school girls nude 

Repairing the front bumper valance on this #Bentley #allinhouse #DeviateAutosport 

Take me Back.⠀ ⠀ Coba   a short trip from Tulum , and an amazing different side of Mexico ⠀ It has an amazing pyra…… 

This beauty was going to be chopped up for fire wood so naturally I grabbed it and ran. Can't… 

IF YOU CANT FUCKING KEEP YOUR PROMISE, THEN DONT FUCKING MAKE ONE. bitchez :-----) i just cant wait to leave this fucking house :)))))))

To my LGBTQ brothers and sisters. We need to "kick at the darkness 'til it bleeds daylight." NC is better, not done.

woke up after a whopping two hours of sleep, my body is a real jackass about Europe

actually thought it was ridiculous ppl were so upset over the casting. "Its fiction anyone can play", "race is the most unrealistic thing?"

Colossians 4:5-6 KJV Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time. [6] Let your speech be alway...

Girl, look how fucking orange you look girl! 

i ain tryna get attached so we had to stop fucking for a min  

It just started storming here really bad, the wind knocked over a flower pot and about scared the crap out of me. And now the powers out yay

Seeing those 3 little dots on an iPhone can be the best and absolute worst feeling ever this late at night.

The History of In-N-Out Burger  #History #InNOutBurger 

Underrated this before. Like sunshine in a glass. Perfect on a day like today... (Oberon Ale) 

Correction. {MAE x size <= 1% of capital deployed}. SO, provieded MAE remains constant u can increas size provided… 

how you sleep knowing you fucked up a country but dont care cause you got millions on the bank 

WHO FUCKING WITH ME TONIGHT and TOMORROW!?!!! BIRTHDAY IS HERE LIL' BX!     

06 Phrases MEN should not say to WOMEN – Advanced English lesson to speak English fluently 

I'm fucking crazy, but I am como las gallinas, soy una mujer libre

Imagine, nicki has a snapchat account. She add me. She sends snaps to me everyday                                

Manchester City Women - Fortuna Hjorring Match Report  #PremierLeague #laliga #CL 

fuck faith for not waking me up and telling me we got to go to the work farm today!!

Rosary is the greatest weapon we have to fight the evil and obtain peace in our lives.we have to experience the... 

The New York Times Washington Post CNN - do NOT let this diversion play out! Keep Donald J. Trump under scrutiny... 

GOOD AFTERNOON TOO♡ Whoops, thankfully i didn't skip mine. The same goes with you too ya, idk nugu u but admin-nim! 

04-07 What time is #Chelsea vs Scunthorpe in the FA Cup third round, what TV channel #Chelsea 

Tomorrow we're discussing Paul Kalanithi's memoir WHEN BREATH on Google Hangout! #bookclub FB event link: 

14 people followed me and 6 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

 Bomb wounds at least 16 near police training center in Nile delta #HeadlinesApp

I earned a badge from Seattle Independent Press. Fifty Shades Darker In Theaters February 2017. 

#UST's come from behind win secures their slot to the Final Four. #TurnUpYourGame 

but on the flip side, i picked up a bag that's making my heart race when i smoke, so it's not helping my anxiety

The other buildings were built prior to the new Comprehensive Plan, which adjusted the depth required.

Murderer Caught After He Created The Murder Scene On A Tattoo From His Chest 

- Laughter is the Best Medicine -' Saw this the other day - Capitalism is still alive I guess'!! - 

Man... Aint nun in the world had to be that fucking crispy   

Im at a crawfish boil for my mom jobs and one of her coworkers tryna get me to drink henny with her   

A new world order is emerging - #Liberals are getting crushed and real patriots are taking over 

Lexi Thompson gets 4-stroke penalty, loses late major lead  #FOLLOW #golf #Sports 

I'm appaled by Zuma. His agenda over the people again. Let's not forget he has been voted in NOT once but TWICE! #ZumaOut #NoConfidence

You're asking the wrong questions, Red! It's not what I have to gain, it's that I can't afford to lose!

WICKET: Daredevils 33/1 (4.4/20 ov, target: 158) v RCB Tare b Mills 18 (17) Mills 0.4-0-1-1 

The beauty that we believe in is based on appreciation for individuality and celebration of diversity.... 

Good morning from Berlin. Asia mixed w/ Hong Kong, China and Taiwan higher as Trump-Xi summit looms. N.Korea missile… 

and like i can relate to clay and his dealing with losing a good friend to suicide and also with hannah for being depressed and the entire

Man it was dope seeing the class of '72 '76 at the parade, 1st two teams from Silsbee to make it to State, led by the Brown bros       

Retweet if you think #DonLemon is a complete moron. If you ask me, this is just another reason to keep the… 

WWE is fucking up Lowkey cause I KNOWWWW they gonna follow up this trash performance with Reigns vs. Taker lmfaoo #Wrestlemania

An Genuine Question? Who do people keep Instagram account locked and Share there Pictures on Facebook???  

i wanna tan but i'd have to take off my makeup but i look hideous and i'm going out in a bit 

My all time favorite NFL LBs in the past (not in order) LT Ray Lewis Teddy Bruski Bill Romanowski Willie McGinest Merriman D Brooks

How GoDaddy powers its team with big data analytics - Information Management 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

I think people try too hard on this app. I'm gonna use it to post useless things many people will not care about at all.

Funny you should say this bro , cause they all claim to be this way but I swear females like this is rare  

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Hi My Name Is Nick And My Daddy Always Said To See The Best In Others So I Don't Judge People Anyways Here's Whole Novel Of Judgements

Radiant BigAss PAWG Is Fucking 

"Twitter dives on word a cofounder is planning to sell up to 30% of his stake" 

Storage Area Network: Storage Area Networks_2015-11-27_17-00-13 #storageareanetwork #FreeDownload #Free #Giveaway… 

Thoughts on brum and manny accents?   — Mannys calm, brum is a bit leave it yeah   

Your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push... More for Leo 

When you're in the bathroom , and your dog doesn't understand it just isn't that kind of relationship. 

SpaceX Launch Successful, But Drone Ship Landing Fails #SpaceXLaunch #SpaceX #SpaceX 

Yesterday Ida's House turned 1!!   Can't quite believe how far we have come in a year, or how… 

3 things to bet on for a Jeff Knox... Crystal, cashmere, and victory. #tourmidam #TheMasters #JDayWho?

This one retarded bitch She been cheated on like 900 times by this guy Stays with him anyway So just stfu forever pls

I'm sorry for anyone I've made worry or hurt. I've been very selfish with my health but I promise you all I'm going to get the help I need.

i would recommend networking as a choice if you wanna take computer science. bc the actually the job is kinda demanding in that field.

Life= parents + lessons + school + friends + significant others + heartbreak + selfishness + superiority thinking + crying + healing= LOVE

so you start a fight to take it away from them. And yet the reason you don’t have what you want is that you don’t ask God for it.

Elder Quentin L. Cook: For enduring faith, concentrate on daily spiritual training including prayer and scripture s… 

The Masters will be missing something without Tiger - Article - TSN:  

today's the 1st of april = floyd's death day. miley has been inactive on insta for more than 2 weeks. let's hope she'll post sth 2day  

Does your #insurance cover you if you get into an accident with an uninsured driver? 

for #OnePlus3T as India's Best Rated Smartphone. Participate and you can win Rs 1 crore #OneCroreOnePlus India 

Dear Brits: This is what it’s like to be a non-EU citizen. Leavers note: we will pay more for holiday visas to EU. - 

Main bias I have is that I read these articles knowing the whole story and the details. I don't really want to do a… 

Mother and son book club. Packed with surprising moments of love, wisdom, laughter and pure joy #MomsandSons.

You can bury your feelings as effectively as the next person, ... More for Scorpio 

IMO Whatsapp Video calls Calls Texting And you can't keep it together, lol. If two people wants to be together they… 

#throat fucking nudehotsexygirls 

I just entered for a chance to win a trip on the Impractical Jokers Cruise. Don't be left out! #ImpracticalJokers 

How is it hard for some folks to comprehend that there's a trio in the house targeting her, why would she allow the… 

Still growing up . Still fucking up . Still loosing friends . Still realizing that everybody ain't gone be there til the end .

No because Rahm is too close to Dem BIG BIG MONEY read ClintonINC ObamaINC.. 

Start will miss two strikers away against Kongsvinger, but we should still see some goals scored on Sunday 

Won't be able too make bro funeral but it's all love my way    get ya rest bro love ya    #longliveellis #EH45

definitely but i think we've come to the point where (some) authors are actually doing stuff about it 

“Ask for an advice, don’t ask for help” and more insights on getting music press in this chat with James Moore 

Anne Hathaway interv w/a former Gawker hater who acted like he didn't remember posting pics of her crotch reptile 

Devon PA USA - Psychologist or LCSW - Must be licensed in the state of Pennsylvania LCSW o...  #CAREER #JOBS #WORKER

Since then I worked on losing weight and learning makeup (still ain't good but better) so I could look nice next to him and have people

Governments want control: capital controls are a key risk for 50%+ of the world's rich #KFWealthReport Lord Andrew… 

100,000 children suffering malnutrition in #Yemen. Continuation of bombing and blockade --> more to die and suffer #EndYemeSiege

A floating techno-libertarian city might be coming to the Pacific  

After my cousin today I will not be handing out anymore advice about relationships with the males in my life. They don't fucking listen.

disgrace that bitch locked out and fucked out 

A hacker stole information from nearly 100,000 McDonald’s job applicants  

Back to my beautiful Boston! There is nothing better than coming back home   Wish you all a… 

to pervade the entire main plot, but when it's NOT choosing to be a dumpster fire, it's pretty damn charming

--she had a doctor's note that allowed her not to take part in class... pretty sure it wasn't legit too... I SHOULD'VE MAULED HER!!!!!

31 marzo, CANDIDS: Selena Gomez e Theresa Mingus arrivano al Gyu-Kaku Japanese BBQ a Los Angeles, California. (10) 

 THE COLD ROOM is coming! So we're celebrating with a #giveaway! Win the first 2 books!… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!  #TreCru 

See The Moment A Pastor Was ‘Caught Watching Twerking Video In Church’. Photos, Video  

perfectly ok to change assessments, positions, strategies - but need to understand the reasons or everyone inserts… 

#ToothRegeneration to Take Center Stage in Dental Industry as Research Activities Accelerate Globally 

Surprised media trade pubs are still not reporting on alleged Rubicon Project IPO violations  

Today I am alive , I am able , and I am blessed. Thank you God for letting me see 21! Happy birthday to myself from myself.   

Please help raise awareness of the harmful effects of Glyphosate, a toxic :  David Marvin… 

I think I'm developing another ear infection. I haven't gotten my insurance fixed yet. May have to drive to GF to see a doc. Miserable.

Man I need me a bad bitch that's gonna roll my woods and hustle wit me

Since we're at the topic, I'll share w/ ya'll some of the characters i cosplayed in the past~ These were back when i was still in highschool

This makes me (admittedly irrationally) angry. If you want to have a winery in any state, you should use that st… 

ain no lil bitch   my bark just as bad as my bite tf   

#Oral,#Anal,#teenmom,#mom,#cam: Tied Up Bitch Wearing Mouth Gag Is Butt Fucked Brutally In Hardcore Homemade... 

Convention stress, zine stress, moving stress, friendships stress and other things are killing me and I need time away.

I wish people would inform themselves about the supposed gender wage gap ... But that would kill a political narrat… 

[News Update] Femi Fani-Kayode: Buhari – a legacy of sorrow, carnage, tragedy and affliction  | Visit jobwaka.c…

I hate been fucking stressed by  keep ur vibe away from me.everytime i pick up d phone dey just get me mad.

I think people have forgotten that I am fucking boss.   #welcomeback

Slutty Latina gets Fucked and Creampied by a Monster Cock 

12 things to know about the hardliner who runs India's Uttar Pradesh - TRT World  #indianews

when somebody asks me why apostolic succession matters i'm just gonna play "Bad Bitch" and tell em they need to stop fuckin with the basics

Weather like this calls for a cocktail or two     #grafeneMCR #Manchester #MCR 

no matter what he said to make her mad, she's trashier for putting her hands on him idc 

Whatand#039;s better 4 sets of 10 full push ups or 4 sets of 25 knee push ups? #health 

Just saw a dude restocking the Nitro milk stout supply in the philosophy grad student lounge fridge....i fucking hate this school

16 hours with no electricity! Somebody got me fucked up

Whore fucked bareback:  

San Antonio, we miss you! Can't wait to worship with you guys again. #tbt . . . #thesourceband… 

James Johnson, Primary Scorer is such a breathtaking transformation. Outside of Jokic, easy pick for Most Improved

Do we all have to be offended too? If so, Misogyny? Racism? Pornography? Gooding bashing? Human Rights? Unsafe spa… 

Statistics show that 32% of the time a robber will shoot the victim. Chances are you're the third or fourth... 

Fields are ready for 2017 WCLL Opening Day. Ceremony begins at 9:00am, Home Run derby and Pitch… 

#BREAKING: Arrest made in death of Columbia mother, 3-year-old daughter from 2011  

Gender is a social construct. You're born with genitalia, the rest is up to you. Pink IS for Boys. Soccer IS for girls. #feminism

Breaking: APC leaders storm National Assembly over Senate face-off with Presidency - The Eagle Online 

Womens Long Sleeve Button Down Crew Neck Hacci Cardigan Sweater-N8383(SIze:S-3X)  

#TBT    My Last Japan Tour was Epic! The Flights are Officially Booked, so HAPA BOY 2017 JAPAN… 

Check the facts, watch the international news. Educate yourself instead of jumping on the bandwagon.

The ice cream man just drove past my house and didn't stop??? I wasn't going to get anything but what if I were to? 

Nothing makes me cringe more than someone's hair in my pub sub or a couple's 2 week anniversary flipagram

Roman beating Undertaker is one thing but that was his fucking retirement match!

#thismorning talk of war with Spain. Problems with brexit referendums Don't worry angels will sort it out Get the fuck off my fucking tv

To our customers in the Southern California area - #Otherwise is performing at the Slidebar in Fullerton tomorrow night.

I just love how her iridescent feathers become green dragon scales when the sunlight transforms them  #hen... 

Office beauty fucked on desk 

John Oliver criticises Devin Nunes and Donald Trump over ‘Stupid Watergate’  

Hungry. But so not gonna eat. Gonna get my dream body. SHIAH DREAM BODY KAU HADE? Just gonna lose some weight la. Need a lil drama tweet   

dont tell me imma fake fan 'cause I'm the type of fangirl that is supporting them although i didn't get a good background check smh

Watching #Gremlins and having a dank ass baked chicken salad 

Happy birthday to this inspiring strong woman, who helped our idol to be a singer  #HappyBirthdayPattieMallette 

SIGN AND SHARE! Send the HMAS Melbourne to intercept the Nisshin Maru whaling boat! 

Order of Malta, Becciu and Hoffmann von Rumerstein: “Dear Knights, send your proposed changes” 

Please don't be that kiss ass person. Nobody likes you and it's annoying.  

What would happen to our region in the year 2050 if #climatechange impacts have intensified?  #2050BigIdeas

You know what happens to people that trust a pathological liar? They get fucked over! Repeatedly! 

ARGH DAMN IT I DESERVE DEATH FOR THIS GOD FUCKING DAMN IT

Fully clothed euro babe fucked by two guys 

Erdogan says more than 100 people killed in suspected Idlib chemical attack  

can ppl stop tweeting all the spoilers for 13 reasons why, give is a chance to watch past the first 2 episodes pls

A+ protest in PDX: One activist read poems about homelessness and racism during time for testimony on a sewer line. 

Ana: Gabriel, Blackwatch is not supposed to be in London what the FUCK. Gabe: 

(T37) Blayne Barber makes birdie on hole 14 to move to -2 for the tournament #ShellHoustonOpen #PGATour

Emo Virgin couple fucking on Webcam 

nct dream won that "top promising group award" cause how can they be not the most promising group srsly

but never make the effort to have a normal conversation to sit down, listen and understand and it hurts.

Nelson snaps me a pic of him in a cocoon sleeping   I hate him.. I'm at work looking like death wishing I was home sleeping

Stone-pelting youth in Kashmir fighting for nation:Farooq, - India Today via  #topstories

#forty #2017forty #Lent #inside Inside this bowl is miraculous frozen bananas mixed with cocoa and… 

Some Clicks at Hyderabad Press Club. — feeling awesome at Press club, Hyderabad 

S Ct seat stolen last yr 'cause my party's weak, and who knows which country the US Pres actually supports. I will have a drink tonight.

Check out this powerful story from this weekend's "The Power of One" message.  

"Deplorables Unite" - (Do you hear the people sing) VICTORY Trump Anthem - 920K VIEWS - ORIGINAL 

Overheard: Zack: [ throws his head into Jason's lap, knocking Jason's study notes everywhere, and looks... 

Bad ass piece by Jordan! #Tattoo #Tattoos #LasVegas #LasVegasStrip #DowntownLasVegas #WolfpackTattoo #BestTattoos 

Miranda Priestly may have knocked florals for spring, but you have to admit this is a great tie… 

trump has been fucking toxic from the start and you fucks who voted for him are just NOW seeing this? IT TOOK YOU THIS LONG #PrayForSyria

Donald Trump Just Cut Off King Abdullah To Make SHOCKING Admission That Will Piss Off Obama (VIDEO)… 

"Also because I really- I really like you. I mean. You're smart and fuckin' adorable. You're the smartest kid I know but you're the only one

♤❞ Deep Sleep Can Improve Quality of Life in Seniors Good info  

Know what you want to do, hold the thought firmly, and do every day what should be done, and… 

If Japan stopped eating whales and dolphins and increased pork imports from Australia, we would stop! #ShutTaijiDown #SeaShepherd #Tweet4Taiji

Disco biscuits, Spanish fly: Cosby lawyers to argue evidence 

If you're having a breakdown... don't worry so much. Your breakthrough is coming! 

WTF? Love it when the MyVodafone app never works on my Vodafone! Trying to make BT look good?#Vodafone#shitshow  

Plants have been growing at a faster rate than at any time in the past 54,000 years due to human sources of carbon… 

#HappyBirthdayDrAQKhan the country is always in need of personalities like you. 

this idiot on the wrong side of history again 

It's as if the filter between your thoughts and your spoken wo... More for Cancer 

[H-NYC] RT aebalca: Which Social Platforms are The Most Important? [Infographic] #SocialMedia #Marketing #SMM #Ec… 

this nigga turning into a twitter headass Im disappointed 

For people who complain on twitter bout how fucked up our country is, y don't u just pull a 'V for Vendetta' and blow up parliament or sumn?

Steve Bannon, controversial senior counselor to Pres. Trump, removed from his role with National Security Council… 

Navas is frauding a fucking living it's making me so mad.

Life! Sometimes you just have to stop and realize how amazing life is. So grateful! #entrepreneurlife #mlm #life 

so she put the blame on them??? she was fucking raped and assaulted. they should know that it was their fault

Stepped Up Security for DeVos Costs Nearly $8M for 8 Months (  

Forget about #Trump and let's watch this new #horror #thriller movie:  

Quote for Gareth in August collect on 01/08/2017 #Easter #Hampshire #RentACampervan #RentACampervanEaster Link:… 

SORRY forgot about Reigns v Lesnar: Very predictable, I mean it really... Wait, it's NOT Wrestlemania 34 yet? Be original WWE! #Wrestlemania

Why why why why do I sing MS songs with so much passion  I'm the happiest girl but be singing my heart out to "No Me Pidas Perdon"  

Polish Slut Ass fucking herself 

 HOT SELLING..  Why???     Pm me for details. 0168254471    Trust me that u will love it..   Ibc siti... 

Shinin', shinin', shinin', shinin', yeah All of this winnin', I've been losin' my mind,… ♫ Shining by DJ Khaled — 

WiganWarriorsRL : “George (Williams) isn’t anywhere near his best, his tries have been great but I know that he ca…… 

SO YOU #ONGOOD2?? ONLY ONE WAY TO FIND OUT!!!! FOLLOW ME CLOSELY. GO》》》》  MY 5… 

Workin on a new jam. Blue Dream Adventure... It's still a work in progress. Getting the demo hammered out jammin... 

I can't believe this my brother wedding is tomorrow and my granny house is burnt down n my uncle was there  

girls fucking girls on couch 

Who's going to be watching Ibiza Weekender tonight?grateful that I got the chance to carry out treatments on these… 

See who's there for you st your lowest point, those are the genuine people in your life...never lose them

“Leverage is a dangerous beast. It can’t ever turn a bad investment good, but it can turn a good investment bad.”-James Montier

The FBI recovered a 1919 Norman Rockwell painting, which was stolen more than 40 years ago from a New Jersey home… 

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

Fire on Peckham estate caused by sunlight reflecting off glass bottles onto window sill. Read more:… 

Brokerages Set Esterline Technologies Co. (ESL) Target Price at $83.00 - BNB Daily (blog) 

I ain't hear from bitches when I had them blues on so soon as I'm done fucking put yo shoes on 

The updates appear to all be cosmetic and primarily confined tothe exterior paof the vehicle. 

The guy I lost my virginity to voted for Gary fucking Johnson and when we hung out in November was like my boy Mike Pence  

So this has been a sad and depressing day with many tears. But at least I get to punch down bread dough and then ea… 

When i lived in Oxford local news mostly consisted of rapes and murders. The main newstory in cornwall today is a skipping dog.

Wait for a few days. He'll also tell he was slapped first. He just didn't say all this in the beginning because he… 

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

FREE 46 Minute Video reveals how a broke part-time magician Found a 4-Step Formula to Ignite 440% MORE SALES" 

Bradley Beal (25 points, 3 rebonds, 2 steals) et John Wall (24 points, 8 assists) en canne face aux Knicks. 

#Laxdaytwentysix Worked on shuttles, stick skills, attack and defense, 7v7, rapid fire and X . Two lady bugs on me today :))    

Because of lower gravity, a person who weighs 100kg on earth would only weigh 38kg on the surface of Mars. #knowledge

OUTRAGE! Rahm Emanuel Creates Special “ID” to Ensure Illegals Receive Welfare Checks  

I hope all my people get to say the following sentence one day when someone is knocking at their door: New house, who dis?

IM FUCKING GOING TO SAN FRANCISCO ON TUESDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!

Gooin to an island and I'm guuna get awaayy, gooin to an island and I'm gunna get awaaayy, goin to an island awaayy. Not really, but please?

#askbutch how do they decide who plays with who in the final round if there are 3 players tied for the lead after the 3rd round?

CHECK THIS OUT! Jurgen Klopp says Daniel Sturridge could return for Liverpool 

All the bronzies i play with/ against never build BORK surprisingly... guess they dont watch YT or Twitch 

Just completed a 5.81 mi run - Elated from a surprise family visit. But Happy I can get a workout be ...  #Runkeeper

I tried my hardest, but I couldn't make you feel a fucking thing.

If i smell like french vanilla hazelnut, its because i spilled half my coffee on myself. You're fucking welcome.

Analytics and desperation: How the Twins front office is trying to rebuild a once-proud franchise - MinnPost 

Herein lies Truth,right now as you exhale something wonderful is happening - will you accept? I accept all that is good and all that is God.

Theresa May though has to deal with a no-existent Easter egg problem. Wonder why? 

I will never wake up at 5 am to hit the gym again. That shit is awful.

#NATO is so hungry for war they're looking for role playing extras so they can prepare for #DDay against Russia. - 

MPNAIJA GIST:"It's going to be a great weekend" Huspuppi says as he shows off a pack of condoms 

Just need to simplify our game. The lads looked like they didn't know what to do or where to be #LFC

Not forgiving is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die. #HumanDesignIndonesia.com #farizyq150 #UmrahMNCGroup2017

What a gift it would be To lie down and die In a place so graced as you see I've had my fun Lost days in the sun …… 

#cam #bulge bigass #sport #porn10 internet fucking 

This makes my ears soooo happy, who am I kidding it makes me sooo happy! "We keep holding on, even though that song… 

Kinda shitty that Walmart never takes care of their fucking fish

On page 100 of 496 of Africa's Long Road Since, by Keith Somerville: The coldwar was fou... 

#8WeekSuccess--Chris Banks is such an awesome inspiration. She is definitely keeping me grounded and motivated.     

Keep education manual for small business up to date. Save time, energy and money.  

The Indian #startup ecosystem is steadily growing. Are you doing your bit to make it grow from strength to strength… 

Enhances Davies' appeal further. Decent cheap route into the Spurs DEF if you're after a Walker lite. #FPL 

Look, the only live action Disney remake I want is the Emperor’s New Groove and I want there to be no CGI

Keep your followers engaged. Share quality content, even while you are away from Twitter. 

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! I'm there-  

I am going to move on. I am strong and I will let you go. I can be independent and accomplish my dreams and goals. Thank you for everything.

EUR/USD trades lightly below 1.0700, targets 1.0600 #forex · Trade $EURUSD with up to 200x leverage:… 

1/32th Diecast Metal Desert Yellow Camouflage Military Vehicles Model Toy  

UPDATE: Viale del Muro Torto should still be avoided. Wait times 22m more than avg #TrafficoRoma… 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#NFL #PeytonManning PEYTON MANNING 2016 NATIONAL TREASURES 3 CASE GRAB BAG 12X BREAK  

Gucci mane a fucking Sav, no Mf want beef with him

Kenneth Cole Reaction 524975 Luggage A Brief History Portfolio, Black,... #history #shop  

 This aint a 10-4 either... Im sick n tired of u battle rap fags smfh

Like it or not: monthly print single comics need to end. Digital singles with print trade paperbacks is the only viable future.

Brunette Audrey Bitoni gets fucked and facialized 

My little man sleeps with me every night, that woman needs to lighten up! #ThisMorning    

The panic on the left about #susanriceunmasked is palpable. They have been BUSTED! #lockthemup #draintheswamp #maga

Star Trek TNG Heroes and Villains James Horan as Lt. Barnaby Autograph Card  #StarTrek #Spock… 

my sister in laws words when my dad told them i'm gay: "idc if she's gay as long as she isn't flaunting it in everyone's faces" .....

Some chunky Funky grooves around a crotchet hi hat... #letthedrumsspeak #drums… 

Tom Brady and Gisele Bundchen's diet — will it work for you? -  

Now playing Situation by Tino Keyz! Click link below  

They got me playing golf in this cold ass weather man

The fact that no one gets a dm out of nowhere except when someone has bday except her is fucking tragic 

Suge claims new documentary: Tupac Assassination: Battle for Compton is straight FACTS! AOA1to7 

Wait. Is she fucking her bosses husband? Bc.....#LHHATL

at 4:11pm: few clouds -> broken clouds temperature up 12°C -> 13°C humidity down 57% -> 54% wind 3kmh -> 10kmh

Fun Fact of the Day: The DEA just made synthetic weed legal again. They consider it less deadly than marijuana.  

Daddy has a huge heart   He's never been a person to have dogs in his bed until he fell in love… 

THE SATANIC STATE OF SAUDI ARABIA MUST BE PUNISHED FOR ITS CRIMES AGAINST THE MANKIND, ATTACKED, INVADED and ABOLISHED 

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

Can't be fucked if nobody knew. 

You might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie... More for Cancer 

You have always been an idiot   

Supernatural IS the BEST show of all time and there is no arguing this scientifically proven FACT 

#Kobe #Souvenirs Kobe Bryant Lakers Game Stubs for 04/13/2016 vs. Utah Jazz ~ Kobe's Final Game  #Fan #Apparel

#Sustainability Tip:Use living organisms instead of chemical fertilizers to improve soil biodiversity of green roofs 

You might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t... More for Scorpio 

#Cubs - Jason Heyward starts in center field Opening Day #FANation  #FantasyAlarm 

#step dad fucking pic gallery come virgenesxxx 

California - what are you doing? Why do you elect such faithless representatives? 

The fox, the camp... and the truth. The final episode...   #solvethemystery #AnimaxKindaichi — watching The... 

Live in an RV all summer connecting campers w/a scenic marvel! Where do you sign up? Here-> 

This spring and summer, Parisian women will slip into beautiful denim garments for a modern and feminine look.... 

acmc_clock_asia: #Sun is now (20h28m01s UT) rising at 10°19'17.6'' #Aries conjunct #ascendant at Sapporo, J

Thank you to Queen Máxima of the Netherlands for reserving two cabanas at Renaissance Aruba for 3 days and not using them!

You really ain't gotta say nothing but since you going against skip make sure you rub it in his face 

UPDATED: Warrant: I-85 bridge fire suspect smoked crack before starting blaze  

Long Play Christmas, Vol. 2 by Various Artists (CD, Nov-1999, Maranatha Music)  

Wind 1 km/h NW. Barometer 1009,2 hPa, Aumento lento. Temperature 14,7 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 77%

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

Check the weather in Keswick, can you see Skidda?  #NotJustLakes #NotJustBoots

Scores are coming in at the girls 4-6A tourney. Going to be a tight race for 2nd between the Black and Gold team. 

#Millennials hoping for real connections, ban booze in new form of nightlife  

Miami Open: Rafael Nadal reaches final with dominant victory over Fabio Fognini 

7 Tips to Automate Social Media Marketing Like a Boss  | #contentmarketing 

Jimmy Buckets has NEVER MISSED a go-ahead shot (of any kind) in the final 10 seconds in his CAREER   

I wanna drive through the country with my man and just fucking talk, and sing, and take pictures

A schooling    . Bloody hell I bet Xavi and Iniesta couldn sleep that night. 

Bitch twitter should ban you for being so entitled and disgusting. I hope you say your prayers cuz 

#Pizza can be messy, we know. We can’t always be glitz and glam and we get that. But we are always delicious! Come... 

Seen hundreds of outraged posts/comments about this Pepsi/Jenner thing. Still yet to see one link to what the hell it is though.

Found a Transponder Snail! For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!  #TreCru 

LITERALLY!!!! this is so why i'm so glad blake stopped going to these shit shows 

Gn people Ily all so much gn Ethan Grayson I love you guys with all my heart hope you have a good day tomorrow… 

#UpTalking is appropriate if you’re starring in #Clueless. Don’t turn off your audience with these #SpeechPatterns… 

#Obamacare :: States Revive Efforts To Expand Their #Medicaid Programs : Shots - Health News : NPR 

Procrastinators Rejoice: Amazon's Running One Last Deal on HandR Block Tax Software, Today Only… 

He gives every indication that he is as much the gullible tool of liars as he is the liar in chief. 

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. Thank you 

However los angeles spanish classes chokey unbar he on route to absorb spanish drag los angeles?: NvL

Stockings glam hottie gets fucked 

This is so sad and fucked up.   awaken_the_mind's video 

Y'all fucked up when you start taking twitter and these folks opinions serious!!

#OttawaSenators fire head coach, assistants after disappointing season #OttawaSenators #OttawaSenators 

Just bc I give you a compliment doesn't mean I want you   stupid ass females kills me   ‍

Consider The Possibility That We Are Led By Idiots 

UCKING BulLSHIT DID THEY RLY HAVE TO LOSE THE ARM I ALWAYS GET MAD

What happened with all the people concerned about Flynn's alleged story? There was no Russian collusion glad that is over. #Trump #Russia

I hate wherever a fuckboy says something ridiculous on Twitter and women call him out for it, we're "thots are who in our feelings."  

Finally stopped questioning why I out grew people. We are on 2 different levels and we aren't the same.

Stay up night for a while to make sure that i remember all that memories today so that i wont forget it in the future

Use this to check your not with one.. 5 Sneaky Things Narcissists Do To Take Advantage Of You | Thought Catalog 

 #TOUCH<EMOJI>️  I have never heard anyone say, 'Oh, ick! A horse!   Elinor Goulding Smith 

Walked into BioChem and someone was sitting in the seat Ive sat in every single day, all semester.   

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

How the iPhone7 battery life fucking up already???????

Spiritual power is not affected by systematic and worldly impositions. The goddess spirit is strong and always has… 

WP bad as LA Times, ny times and the trash abc nets on tv 

Steampunk Ear Plugs w/ Rotating Gears 316L Surgical Steel - Sold as Pa... #steampunk 

You're on a roll today and everything you encounter seems to a... More for Leo 

Its crazy how these Niggas hate on me but don't even know me

  exposethejocks: thebookofbaits: I’m more in love Why even wear clothes at this point 

13 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

This woman inspires me every single day and I'm so happy for her success          

Bark Haired Beauty Gets Fucked In Her Ass 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

U can watch it on Your cell phone Mira Madrid Derby en bigleagueTV .. LIVE #EplOnBigleagueTv 

Hate this fucking school. Graduation need to hurry tf up seriously   ‍

its sad how realistic this series is. so much of this shit happens in high schools around our country.

#DragRace GIVE AJA 100 THOUSAND DOLLARS JUST FOR THAT FUCKING LIP SYNC

#Osteporosis treated with #PEMF - rebuild bone mass!  #pemftech 

im gonna need the quaker oat man to stop being so greedy and give me a bit more brown sugar in my brown sugar oatmeal thanks

behold. my nintendo DS Light, DSi and 3DS. Yes I kept them. For nostalgia. I just wish I still had my Game Boy Adva… 

Wind 13 km/h SE. Barometer 1010,4 hPa, Aumento lento. Temperature 16,5 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 59%

when you don't have an umbrella and your hair doesn't fit under ya hood so a random girl walks you to your destination with her umbrella   *

Australian police seize record amount of crystal meth  --- #ElectionNight 

THAT FUCKING TIME ME LIGHTSKIN COUSINS DARKSKIN DAUGHTER EANTED TO BE ELSA FOR HALLOWEEN SO SHE WHITENED HER BABYS FACE

If video games ever start getting that tape seal across the top that movie cases have I'll probably just stop playing them

Did you know that the term "The Internet of Things" was coined in 1999 by Kevin Ashton?  

Blog on the humanitarian visa case and how the X X judgment calls into question when the EU Charter is applicable… 

Hell nah..that school is fucked up. 

Exotic bride Jennifer Luv fucked pornstar blowjob cumshot - 13 min #porn 

I need more KDramas! Summer is just starting and I have finished almost all of the ones that I have!

Prosecute British citizens who fight for Israel, says Baroness Warsi  

every time someone post some depressing shit whether i know you or not i'm reaching out for support, too familiar of a feeling not to.

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

Pair of Rachel Ashwell's Simply Shabby Chic Rosalie Cottage Rose curtain panels  

ITS NOT EVEN THE BURING MY DICK SKIN WAS FUCKING PEELING OFF AND IT HURT SSSSOOOO BAD I WAS GONNA GO TO THE ER 

I am so fucking sad right now, rip in fish pussy Rick, you were so adorable, you didn't ask for this. I'm sorry bud… 

10 great Canadian adventures you've probably never heard of but you'll want to try... 

}Must See - These 15 Pictures Perfectly Shows how Nigerian Men experience Domestic Violence (Photos) 

Would like to learn how to lose fat without pills... without starving... without screwing up your metabolism...

Trump could be the unlikely saviour of Syria as he puts his missiles where his mouth is  

The fact that CBS is ignoring Meeks being out of bounds is the cherry on top of the shit sundae everyone got tonight #NationalChumpionship

I honestly wish there were people who did the clothes shopping for me Like, I hate it, I never seem to... 

Clay in series is so fucking stupid. This series is seriously infuriating. INFURIATING.

OMG I COMPLETELY FORGOT IM SUPPOSED GO PREACH TONIGHT I HAVE NOTHING PREPARED IM AWKWARD AND IM A SINNER.

My humor is so fucked I need friends who are legit bad people just so I can express that side of it and not get dirty looks.

BREAKING : Jeff Sessions and John Kelly SCHOOL California Supreme Court Justice 

I hate pot lucks at work like I don't wanna bring any food for any of you people   

Fessing Up About Nothing by Random Movement #np on #SoundCloud bring DNB back #drumandbass 

Homeless teenagers given promenade clothes without spending a dime in California  

#DateMyFamily but how is the distance a problem while you are a helicopter pilot. . .shot'left nyana  ??

Sean Hannity Monologue on Syria Airstrikes, President Trump Message to the World  

Then be wondering why I treat her like a dumb ass all she know how to do is be fucking stupid

"I am just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her" my all-time favorite quote from a Julia Robert movie, haha! :)

Girl ass fucked in the cemetery 

"It's Time to Stop Trying to Fit A Square Peg into a Round Hole in Addiction Treatment" 

Trump’s Newfound Fondness for Missile Strikes Puts Wall Street on Edge  

Arc de Trieggs! I earned an Arc de Trieggs in DragonVale! Visit my park to check it out! 

I have SO much respect for the Maharaja, Keep the bastard grounded #airindia #GaikwadGrounded 

If you snapchat me a picture of your 2k myplayers shoes with a bunch of stupid ass emojis I'm deleting you

Habits of Mind task rotations... Self-Expressive- fabricating a new shoe   for Cinderella. 

Judge Awards $2 Million to Zimmer Hip Implant Plaintiff Represented by Osborne and Associates and McGinn, Carpenter,… 

when uk rappers talk about "fighting demons", they're talking about chasing the ptsd caused by the boston tea party away

bringing your homework w/ you to work so you can study while you're clocked in and getting hours >

(Post) 6" Gun at Battery Pratt, Fort Stevens, Oregon, US (Est. During Civil War, Battery Installed During WWII)… 

Police Rescue Ex Information Minister, Frank Nweke Jnr From Being Kidnapped (Photo) 

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

#Hardwood #flooring is one of the most durable floors known to man. With the right care, it can last for decades!… 

Senator Chuck Grassley: Democrats ‘Can’t Lay a Glove’ On Neil Gorsuch | For The Record | MSNBC… 

The White House has said it supports Congress' controversial decision to repeal Internet...  

Does Alexis think he's a fucking conductor or something? Man is waving his arms about like peak Gustav Mahler

lesbian secretaries fucking #yogi porn 

Tangerine Evolution Update: Memo from The.E. Vice President Tulsi Gabbard... 

My kid is such a kid soul, I asked him to go make fun of Patrick while I was getting a drink... and this is what he… 

Having deadbeat ass parents is the fucking worst <EMOJI>️

Bake-N-Butty is under new management Delivery Service is now available 0161 222 6110 Open Monday to Friday 7am Saturday 8am Sunday 9am

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! I'm there-  

"According To Science, Showering Everyday Is A Huge Mistake, You Might Ruin Your Skin! 

I am fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking fucking sick of the fucking god damn fucking snow

Tbh if a multi cultural group of people burst into applause because I drank a Pepsi, I'd probably drink more Pepsi.

A glass dome protects a modern retail center. You know of firsthand about our favorite material: the glass 

TT Just How Fast the night changes #LITMPagtatapat #FPJAPBalikBilibid #MDHKasagutan MCLISSE IWFIL OnStarMusic

Ados Nasty russe prend deux Dicks In The Puss Et Ass 

Luis Hernandez helps former Mexico stars beat Honduras 3-2 in international <EMOJI>️ exhibition at Rose Stadium Story:… 

BPD 911 Dispatch: AUTO ACCIDENT | NB I 100 N/W COLD SPRING LN | Sat, Apr 8th 2017, 3:32 am | Low | P170980366

#SmartHome Triangle Bulbs T95133-6 A19 LED 60 Watt Equivalent Soft White (3000K) Light Bulb, 6 Pack - CNET 

Don't pinch peoples stomachs like a bitch and maybe #DraymondGreen won't hit you. It's that simple. #nba #warriorsrockets

Great seeing you..hopefully next won't be as crazy and we can have lunch...hope you got home safe! 

INTERVIEW: Julia Michaels on Why 'Issues' Is About Herself and Her Favorite Celebrity Reaction 

Over here eaves dropping on a music publicist and an artist conversation getting hella good info. Vital info

I've just watched episode S03E01 of Girls In The House!  

Saints Baseball (10-0, 5-0) won their league game against Bosco Tech 5-1 at Clark Field to remain undefeated on the… 

10 Employees Reveal Insider Secrets Their Company Does NOT Want You To Know. 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Would anyone buy a used car from Jackson Carlaw or believe his 'guarantees' about anything? Retweet at will

Okay great but why r they only going after hispanics!? Why aren't they in NY and east coast getting the Jihads who… 

#girl poppin pussy body fucking 

Apple iPhone 3GS - 8GB - Black (ATandT) Smartphone (MC640LL/A)  

I thought to myself, "Yowie, my feet got dirty while I was working outside." Nope, just one heck of a flip flop tan in 2 hours  

Reds take 1-0 lead. It's OK. I'm sure #STLCards will figure out the unproven lefty totally shutting them down right now...

If we can't use rainbows because they belong to God does this mean we can't use stars on our homework and such? 

I need to read my bible before I fucking kill someone

if you want improvement in society then fucking do something. calling someone racist for something they did in ignorance isn't progress

Veterans, if you haven't used your VA Loan, then read this!!  

here's to the pranks, the laughs, the endless rehearsing, becoming a family, and making history 

My lil ice cream junky out thugging with me on his last day in town I'm gone miss da hell out of… 

1/2 Major throwing flaw I see is the QB separating too early. #CCFootballChat 

Liam Williams vs. Liam Smith Live Stream: How to Watch Fight Online  #election2016 

+Tonto Dikeh replies fan who said it's an abuse to everybody that she lied about being in a comfortable marriage 

Hello Sunshine  It's is true! Life is beautiful by the beach | Now Snap out of it   and get to work   ... 

Nigga on the radio just said it's a tornado 9 miles from Swainsboro got me fucked up

NCI/Frederick Nat Lab looking for Tissues for CPTAC proteogenomic study. Come by Poster 400, Sec. 16, # 26 for details. #AACR17 #NCI by 5:00

MTN pays additional N30bn fine to Nigerian government  via dailypostngr 

Someone presented me with a shoe once and I didn't understand they wanted me to wear it I used it as a weapon instead and thus, La Chancla

the 2015 panel fed me so well   if there's a panel this year with stydia being a couple i'm gonna die of obesity

If we are being honest I've got less than a 1% chance to survive a horror movie. I'm fat, I put out, I have a sense of humor, I'm not white

I don't feel I would be a crazy gf, bitches are just disrespectful.

ALKSDJFLK I FORGOT my foundations of chinese thought midterm is tomorrow i'm gonna fucking kill myself

i slack a lot tho :') and im hyperaware of it :') and mostly it's because of mental illness :') which sucks :')

If you #love Hollywood movies, watch this new Hollywood movie (full) here:  

#samanthabaldwin Manchester and Notts have failed your family but the people of the UK are behind you and will stand up for you against the bad.

Fuck anyone reading my tweets and starting drama, y'all some hoes and I don't give a fuck Ima remain the same

UFC's TJ Dillashaw Spars with Boxing Champ Vasyl Lomachenko -   

I need to separate myself from everyone in the meantime while I focus on myself and do what I have to do

8 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

It amuses me when some troll thinks telling me to 'keep on writing fiction' is an insult. I will and writers vote and comment on elections.

illegal check to the head? are you fucking stupid???

I fucked in the ass on their wedding night Tina Kay 

Hold on to your personal belongings, especially them hats and glasses - cause Big Thunder Mountain is one of the ... 

Press Trashes Trump over WH Easter Traditionand#8230; Then Learn Obama Did It Too 

11 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I'll continue this thread till non-lifting fags stop lifting like idiots at the gym... Which is never.

Feel like this has been my week. People acting this way, and me feeling this way in turn. Yay Dad. #Salty #TGIF 

She rides him like a fucking bronco  #anal #hd #shavedpussy #skinny #smalltit

I'm pretty sure Pavel started his career in the NHL and won the Stanley cup his rookie season... 

stupid ass looking queensryche cage tappy tappy drumming

How in the hell are you mad at someone when you're the one that lost your key...    

Syria conflict: West should have listened to Russia, says UN Special Envoy #Syria  #syria

Interested in a #job in #Scottsdale, AZ? This could be a great fit:  #security #Hiring

Apparently I've had my weather set to milford for the past who knows how many days so I had no idea the SHIT we wer… 

Aiwa Cross Trainer Compact Disc Player W Case and Charger  

You helped Obama get it into place and you thwarted Pres Trumps efforts, thanks. 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

And I did it all without breaking down in tears, whining or complaining. Just accepted my lot and moved the fuck on.

Subaru Share the Love Event raises over $51,000 locally for United Way  

Watch how we did our gender reveal: #GenderReveal #BlackFamilyVlogs #DailyVlogs #MeetTheChambers… 

Could the country handle another Clinton-Trump showdown? Can the DNC keep Gloria Allred out of jail and licensed un… 

#NowPlaying Organophosphorus Resistance In Studio Conditions by Nurse With Wound ♫ 

You might end up in a heated exchange with someone close to yo... More for Scorpio 

‘Ghost In The Shell’ Flop: Critics Weigh In On Why The Movie Tanked At The Box Office… 

But good lord this morning was the first time I've ever resented the special snowflakes and keyboard warriors this much.

Why didn't the Hatchlings have hatch Twitter accounts this year? I thought that was cool... #TheHatch2017

Harold Fact Time - Bats always turn left when exiting a cave. See you are now wiser! #bats #fact_news

Thank God we have an ALPHA male in the White House, who knows how to lead with Peace through strength!        

Unhappy about the ridiculous Brexiteer guff re:Gibraltar but am proud that Britain believes and fights for self-determination.

When Arnold calls me just to tell me I'm a stupid bitch   

porn 4 tube #couples fucking girls 

Do women like it though when their men show off that u r theirs? E.g. him smacking or grabbing your pretty bottom?

Charleston SC USA - Child Care Providers and #Preschool Teachers - #Job Description We are seeking...  #CAREER #WORK

$1-m scholarship announced in honour of late JLP senator - News ... - Jamaica Observer 

#Millennials drive our present and our future workforce.  

Fresh made Bath Tea is made 100% #Vegan, wholesome aromatherapy. Feel good about what you put on your skin.  #iadora

UK Airports, Nuclear Plants Placed on Terror Alert as Experts Warn of ‘Credible’ Security Threat 

Spend 7 days exploring the weirdest places of South #Korea with step-by-step directions -  

Like what are you doing we're all stuck on this rock floating in space stop being so fucking miserable  

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of those Spooky guys at Thriller Bark!  #TreCru 

At the end of the day no matter what your going through love yourself , you r beautiful no matter what . Self love is always the key  

I'm not use to wearing fake eyelashes. Every time my eye blinks it's like another layer of lash is slapping my face

RE MOTHA FUCKING TWEET!!!!!!!!!!! 

Had ana amazing night last night hosting my product and to top it off Welcomed a new member to my… 

 This seriously has me cracking up for some reason.. #Idek 

Been up over 24 hours studying for a huge test hope I die immediately after this test in 30 minutes wish me luck vrothers

I fucking agree to all the "woke" people where tf are u at?? 

Siftery-Insights, thanks for the follow and looking forward to starting a conversation with you! 

me, a filipina who doesn't even know tagalog: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ANG CUTECUTE MO 

We have a great selection of unusual stoneware! A perfect addition to any garden! 

With all that boot space our little #egg could easily get lost! Can you find it? #EggHunt #Easter 

NEWS: New Chinese-French generation speaks up after killing  

It's crazy how much you can love someone and they just leave you like your nothing.. I just don't understand..

Early morning issues when you pick up a battery walk back to the hub and it's clearly in the wrong box. #flat… 

The bigger you get the easier of a target you become, should make it easier for the haters to Kiss My A$$ ;)

Very Rare Elvis Costello My Aim Is True Collection 69 different pressing from around the world. -  #ad

Medical costs due to obesity is $147 billion annually - that's more than smoking and alcohol-related diseases combined.

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

God may not get us out of a situation, but He will give us the strength to get through it. #quoteoftheday

Boxed water sounds nasty as hell 

Resilience, tenacity; keys to success. Qualities best honed through failure.–FinleyBelan #souljourney 

A heartbreak is a blessing from God. It’s his way of telling that he saved you from the wrong one. TANNER StarStudioMag TMI

Magnetic Levitation Maglev Levitating Floating Globe World Map 8 LED Decor Light  

What kind of cruel reporter would interview a player in the middle of a 2K match? Let the man play his game!   

the thing that stretches my disbelief the most was the girl using chopsticks more effectively than I can straight away

earthquake - M 5.0, Mindoro, Philippines: 2017-04-04 12:58:48 13.64 120.94 10 km A 

my favourite thing is making plans with two other friends who then decide to cut you out of those plans. thanks

Ive been makin major changes in my life, changed my silver earrings to black, trimmed my beard down, handed in a homework assignment on time

What a week. We couldn't be happier to have unveiled 'The Best Of... So Far' and we're humbled by the support we've… 

Wind 0.8 mph WSW. Barometer 1018.6 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 7.1 °C. Rain today 0.0mm. Humidity 80%

Horse at Mustangs football games revealed to be two guys in a costume the whole time #westernu #purplereign 

LIVE STREAM - Senate Intelligence Committee Examines Russian Interference Capabilities 

And now to think of an April Fools joke for my Rise of the Runelords group... Maybe have the Runelord turn up early? #PathfinderRPG #Roll20

Double tap if you remember this. Tag a friend you shared this with back then….  

Paceman Josh Tongue is included to face the students after making his first class debut for the County 12 months ago against Oxford MCCU

Ball park it's about £65 pw per child over the 2nd born, more taking end of family premium in HB 2016 part of same… 

Japanese Whaling Fleet Returns to Port with 333 Whale Caucuses  

They've never been ordinary and neither are we. Say Hello to a different #IPL with Moto and NewsWallet #motoRPS… 

Enschede Weather Report: Temperature: 12.119999885559082°C Humidity: 93% UV-index: 1 #bloomsky #weather #weer… 

The power to change the world starts with us first changing our belief and ourselves. MATA TWINS TwinItToWinIt TMI

#EisenbergLawOffices,S.c Madison Law Firm explains who is at fault for your burn injuries. Read Blog: 

  Where's The STONA  On This Mf Bob They Put Mf Artist On The Article That Don't Even Live In DC Yet Alone Probabl… 

Supercorp parallels to Clois are fucking everywhere 

How I can keep the selected value in the select option after loading the page based on…  #stackoverflow #willsznet

#Travel - MailOnline travel reveal most eye-popping fashions, Whether it’s in the form...  

Cena take a beating the whole match, because he can't wrestle, come out of nowhere and win. Ladies and gents, I give you the new Hulk Hogan

Don't let the title mislead you - Megan Phelps-Roper raises some very important and useful points about dialogue 

Cannot wait till I leave this working hell hole. A person never hates their job, they hate their supervisors.

Compass Airlines flight #CPZ6040 spotted 52 miles away traveling 462mph at 19,150 feet! 

Miranda is going to Jump 100 times for 100$....Anyone else want to give for her to make it more? She's having a... 

"It would be a shame to go to all that trouble to decentralize, but then adopt a singleton" 

Sangam Point, Leh. Confluence of River Indus and River Zanskar. Winter Ladakh. 29.01.2017 #ItsMyAdventure 

Lol show me a game where watson was anything like Jaboo was in the second half vs ND. Or when he ever brought his t… 

Read the below thread. It reminds us how colorblindness is a fallacy but race is a social construct used as an oppr… 

#PS4share I'M FUCKING DONE  

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! Go to the link-  

Hokay you guys. Finally got that Persona game everyone is talking about. You know, the one that Japan had a while b… 

If u grown and still get thirsty for Jordans knowin erbody else gon havem and u still feel like u accomplished something that say alot about u

It's enough that race is enshrined in our legal system in the forms of, for example, determining who is -- or is... 

Tmp 4.1°C Wind 0mph Press 1026.8mb Cloud 483 ft Rain 0.0mm Humidity 92% Fine, becoming less settled #UKWeather

If you believe Trump is an #ass-hole, watch this video:  

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

Belle Slut Avec Gros Seins Gets Oiled Up And Fucked dur 

don't watch 13 reasons why. it will break your fucking heart.

চিঠিপত্র  Facebook  Google+  Linkedin  YouT…

When it's 6:00am and u can't sleep so you just take photos of your burd instead 

literally 0:02 -> Molly scene 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2.... -> sherlock (he fucking stopped at 2.......) 2pm 222222222222 KILL ME

 #SubwaySongs #MondayFunck Enjoy this video! WHY? Because it costs nothing to be spontaneous… 

Jewish #HarryPotter fans assemble - we’ve discovered a #HogwartsHaggadah!! #PotterPesach  

Focus on a fight drop a mark you ********* idiots #AFLNorthGIANTS

  What....Hackers Vow to Remotely Wipe iPhones if Apple Doesn’t Pay Ransom by April 7  via… 

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

Don't understand how I'm suppose to remain thankful when life just keeps fucking me over .

Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity. Okay life, bring it on.

lings for a swinger I fucked I refuse to catch feelings for a swinger I fucked BITCH I REPEAT I REFUSE TO CATCH FEELINGS FOR THIS MF SWINGER

Easy thing in my life has always been before I do something I ask myself....would Herman do this? If not, I do not do that thing.

We're looking for song critics!! Apply If you have love and knowledge of multiple music genres! #PaidGig #JobOpp… 

that is not indigenous to the area..... DONT TAKE A FUCKING KANGAROO OUT OF AUSTRALIA ND BRING IT TO WYOMING TO BE SLAUGHTERED

frankly i think were all a bit tired and have enough on our plates some of its unavoidable since antis are babies on the attack but pls

Brunette Barry Scott fucking anally like it aint no thing 

Miss Wormwood: What state do you live in? Calvin: Denial. Miss Wormwood: I don't suppose I can argue with that...

I'll get your name tatted on my face in tear form, cause I murder that pussy. Come fuck with me 

It winds me up when people on insta post stuff and then delete it all. What is the fucking point?!

Court of Appeal judges almost double 81-year-old paedophile's jail sentence | Grimsby Telegraph 

Watch Akane as she was fucked hardcore 

*watches the phil collegian's sumatotal vid me: IKAW NA BEN TE! STP! me again: YAS DOWN WITH US IMPERIALISM!!!!!

I just..... I can't even. I legitimately can't EVEN right now. This dude was as daft as a brush, him.

WE ARE FUCKING CHAMPS BABY REDEMPTION TIME     #GDTBATH

u ever regret fucking w somebody who's existence was completely irrelevant before y'all even met

Never seen a swinub, sneasel, girafarig, or stantler. What commons are you missing from gen2.  #PokemonGo #PokemonGo

He called her a pussy. So she retaliates by calling him a bitch? Fighting sexism with sexism? So fucking stupid 

This is all you need to prove Breitbart is a propaganda, not a news, op. Six figures lol. 

The kitten which takes a nap with sufficient relations with a hamster in a hammock  

Give me brain like NYU said teach me ni... teach me all this learning here is by you 

Heart wrenching snaps. Tears flowed out of my eyes, unconsciously. No words can explain that kid's feelings.    

Praise the Lord always, in the midst of joy or sorrow, praise the Lord. Praise Him in all things, never ceasing to give thanks.

Our greatest glory is, not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. Ancient Proverb #failure #succeed

Work carried out at IKEA j27. Cut and Constructed onsite. #ikea #bespoke #office #newoffice… 

#holdthefloor start serving this protestor some pepsi. after a few of those he will have to surrender the floor to the call of nature.

i probably quote tweeted this thread before and said the same thing, but? whatever i love komaeda and that's that.

Angels win one split-squad game, lose another -  In their first split-squad games of the s.… 

This is bear and he came in store yesterday to tell us all that we have loads of exciting workshops at the forge an… 

I'm getting sick    this weather got me fucked up.

I just wish she would have sleepless nights with a deep hole in the center of her chest with pain pulsating with every detrimental heartbeat

"I'm not a big fan of space tourism. There's nothing much around us" WHAT?! this is what happens when astronomers answer space q's

9/ The JA Constitution should also be revised to provide for the removal of Senators at will, whether Govt, Opp or independently appointed.

"Man, this car runs like a dream!" I change gears and the gear stick turns into a swan. I turn on the wipers and it rains on the inside.

Are you walking into a financial pit? #mortgagetips #finances  

Oh my god there's a fucking STINKBUG and it's in my ASS

Great Britain 2001 First Day Covers Year Set (14x FDC) All Tallents House  

Speaking of radio, I wasn't a travis scott fan until his songs started getting radio play. His shit is saving radio (for me)

Pretty happy with my SMN glamour. Black and white with some other colors. Maybe I should go into fashion and not ar… 

You may wonder why the actions that once earned you recognitio... More for Leo 

iPhone 5S 32GB Space Grey, Unlocked ***EXCELLENT CONDITION!***  

Kapugedara and Siriwardana don't bowl, and if it's late in the innings Thisara and Seekku are coming in ahead of them. #SLvBAN

Really sorry for not replying to tweets; I've been mad busy finishing stuff and I'm about to hit the road! I'll catch up soon, though! 

Smokescreen and rain of bullshit to distract from trumprussiagate. We're not buying it . tRump is full of   

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

i think it's time for me to accept that short-haired bucky may be a reality (nooooooo) or at least bucky with extensions

Happy birthday to my dad Jeff, who taught me that humor is important and family comes first. He's the reason Jane i… 

04-07 9 Reasons Scott Eastwood Should Play Han Solo Above Any Other Actor On The #ScottEastwood…… 

When I was sick ass hell on my death bed all I wanted was my momma  

(To Kushina about sealing the Nine-Tails inside Naruto) "Have a little faith! He is our son after all!"

MY BITCH SO BAD ION WANNA CHEAT    I MISS LICKIN HA FROM HEAD TO FEET    

no I wanna suck yours u idiot 

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

Knicks cry over late three-pointer after loss to Grizzlies  

Services resuming on all routes though some delays/cancellations remain. Exact service info at link 

Arctic ice: Photos from NASA flights are beautiful and fearsome - The Mercury News 

Brutality: Ekiti court awards N20.25m damages against Police  

i find myself, also on ambien now, wanting to crawl inside the perfect velvet dark of a soprano's maw

after Mohan Bhagwat said that 'bharat mata ki jai sikhana padega' I will never chant that in my life again... #VandemataramRow

This is a scam just to get money! They never paid us for Parker winning!!! Don't use this ever    

Im so fucking cold my nipples poking through my bra.

me: i love bambam and yoongi so much i want to protect them chloe: you also want to suck their dicks me: 

And would it kill one of these fucking cis girls to JUST ONCE call me a woman? Is it that hard? Am I too disgusting?? Help me understand!!??

Unfortunelty I don't have a video for tonight, I haven't had time to edit but it will be up tomorrow instead

This gorgeous koi pond with a bridge and lots of fish, was in the backyard of a home I toured today. I've always... 

He just fucking mmm bopped 

Yea that's what everybody say till y'all together and you always feeling like you the only one who give a fuck abou… 

The $120,000 Content Marketing Workflow Problem   … 

If you ever see a donation on justgiving/gofundme etc marked as 'anonymous', then it was from me. Don't tell anyone though

11 people followed me and 5 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Man and girl arrested by counter terror team #SkyNews #SkyNews... #SkyNews  #skynews

#Moscow Apr 02 06:30 Temperature 1C drizzle Wind SW 25 km/h Humidity 95% Russia .. 

Tattood twinks fucking on living room couch 

Found a Transponder Snail! Famed Pirate Hunter captured! Exclusive shots!!  #TreCru 

Its 00:04 and Im tweeting about my love for the ones whom believed in me once I didnt do, what I saw today surrounding was incredibly kind.

The collective power of teachers across the world is truly astonishing, when channelled into learning projects #TTPlay

I have no sympathy. Please put an end to this brutal bullshit #StopBullFighting 

The fucking store didn't have chessman cookies and I hate vanilla wafers so I had to improvise and use Lorna Doone cookies  

Eagle Missile was to have flown a lofted supersonic trajectory and of course considered for a nuclear warhead.… 

"The Stupidest Trends Of 2016 That Trended Incessantly All Throughout The Year 

All they talk about is stupid Islamic shit I don't want to know or their ugly kids

Those poor children have a really fucked life!! 

2013dance Robin Thicke Give It 2 U (Moto Blanco Club Mix) (peaked at #21 in 2013)  #radio #dancemusic #clubmusic

International chefs collaborate for dinner |   — CNN Philippines (cnnphilippines) April 4,…

"in that corner of crumpled stained sheets, are the meanings I try to ignore as they try to breakaway from the grips of denial."

The yin-yang patterns earliest use is in Rome. Not China! IkawAng KISSESunshineKo 

You moron put trip to the bitch for my bday I think yes

This was such a stupid idea in the first place. What white man approved this???? 

It struck me tonight that republicans see the world as predator and prey. They hate the poor because they have to dehumanize their food.

He like Karen just chill yo this bitch crazy   

Greece, EU disagree on pace of privatising electric market  

Yay!!! That was fun. Y'all had me cracking up...when I wasn't crying, that is. Lol. Thanks, #XFRewatchCrew. See ya next week! #tbtXFiles

#MLB #Baseball: Trea Turner SGA Bobblehead Washington #Nationals MLB "PRE-SALE" Harper Scherzer… 

this why ion call Quran . He don't be fucking listening to me

Complete Player Development, a mix of skating, stickhandling, shooting and small area battles in every session!… 

Why cant my nieces love upin ipin or boboiboy like normal malaysian kids instead they FREAKING love peppa pig   

We can't wait!.....so exciting! Illuminae fans, the third and final part is coming soon! 

 Hermosa Beach Park Closed For Tree Removal  

Follower -1, Unfollowers - 0. I didn't know I was this awesome. Get your daily stats via 

No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence

This boy is so fucking unattractive he reminds me of Norman Reedus 

I love playing outdoor #games to get the party moving. What’s the best picnic game? 

Good morning. It's a bit early, but that's good quiet time. Guitar music ideas floating in my head. #MoreMusiciansMoreMusic #Guitar #Music

Flowers left at the scene in Elgin where a 7 year old boy has died after being hit by a van last night. 

Started a game of throwback Hp and was 5-21 at one point and ended up 30-34 addy kicked in mid game  

"Some Women Decided To Confess From Their Experiences About Anal For All Curious Ladies 

Fashion Brand Pumps For Women Ladies Spring Shallow Mouth Square High Heels Shoes 34-47 Concise Ladies Black Wine…… 

 Of all my #BBA family and voting SQUARD, only one is voting for the other one. I know She's reading this and smiling..

Happy new month in advance, April is our month of wisdom works wonder. Be our guest in the month of April.

#nationalchampionship is set. #UnitedWeZag vs #GoHeels Who you got? Should be a good one. I like UNC very close.

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 322 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

Ichiro Suzuki Signed Auto Autograph Rawlings OML Baseball - PSA/DNA - 3000 Hits? by JP's.. 

I know trash garbage it's hands no good in it you found out it was not good at all it was a creature bug digus.

Posting this bc when I try to work with smaller people they like to get crazy with the prices like mf you not a pro… 

Y'all really want me to believe that shit was hard. I'd rather listen to Lil Anyone before I bump some soft ass shit like that.

When I read the news, I'm reminded of why I don't read the news : ( So much is messed up these days. I need to hug my cat and/or fiancé now.

Hereand#039;s what makes travelling by train unsafe in India #RailMinister 

IM SO SICK ABOUT RICK,TRUSTING THAT BITCH #TalkingDead

Shit makeup and disgusting lashes, I don't wanna go out

maybe that car accident got your head fucked up 

Hate the fact that I gotta grow up and pay bills I just wanna fucking travel damn it

Cities and the energy belt are the most productive economic regions in America. Implications for the country? 

Slut Redhead Milf anal blowjob fucking 

Zach Dempsey - soft - allergic to strawberries - marine biologist - not an actual dick - cared for hannah - kePT H… 

Thank you to the #beststaffever! Our attendance at the AOSEF bowling tournament won us a science camp scholarship.… 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

OF Course. Let that be a lesson that it's always the little people that go to Jail. Pay attention Circle around Tru… 

C013-721***Near Mint++***Nikon D4 in Box from Japan  

Two Fucked Amateurs Swapping Cum 

I'M FUCKING CRYINGN IN CHEMISTRY CLASS WHY R YALL LIKE THIS IM DELETING MY ACCIUNT 

Some times I forget I work in the second busiest cafe in the state then I see the numbers from mornings like this

20th golden anniversary logo, twenty years birthday celebration with ring and red ribbon isolated on 

Please RT #interiordesign #homedecor #decoration Living Room Decorating Ideas that Expand Space 

#엑소5래도 #5YearswithEXO Whatever you do, whoever you are and wherever you are, we will treasure you until time stop. GTJY

Love horse racing...working all day tomorrow so will it...will bet on 5 horses...1 to win 4 each way. 

Man, it can't be ww3 yet im still a fucking virgin give me 10 years please

Didn't get that internship I was really looking forward to. The worst part was the fact that they didn't even give me a reason why...

who the fuck doesnt eat their lawn. it's a common courtesy of life to our mother, nature. you absolute tittybitches. you loons . you drecks

I put the js on the hoes look clueless I put the Designers on the hoes get stupid #truestory

1328 to earn a half or a third as much as they could up North because #tcspf4247919392dc019d5835d76535db9aa

Trump condemns Syria attack but won't telegraph US response  

I just signed the petition for #FreeIIdarDadin. Now it's your turn. Please sign and RT. 

nah, chill. i'm not combing through your fucking likes. never in my life will i look through your likes.

Left Behind? Is Impact Investing starting to exclude those it's designed to help?  

I'm probably the only person that loved filling out the census paper for the household when I was a child! I felt s… 

If my dog doesn't ease up to you throughout the time you're here, he's trying to tell me ur an evil mf and to kick ur ass out. and I listen  

Giving away money this Thursday at an epic Twerk Contest #TwerkOrDie #TTUThursdays walking Distance from all GSU do… 

Cause they fucking want to, Matt 

DaneJones Romanian beauty loves creampie from lovers sensual fucking 

  I wanna climb him like  a   fucking   tree   

14 First-World Anarchist Who Don’t Give A DAMN About Your Rules! #rebels #sp #humor 

My mom told my brother she's scared of me home alone. Talk about fucking a niggas head up

Miki Ohnuma Nasty Japan Milf On A Fucking Rampage 

God's grace is sufficient! His blood is enough! For everyone!!! There is no exclusion clause in His soul-saving,... 

Been awhile since I practiced hands and body. Here are some hands I sketched. They are really rough.. I need to pra… 

So: I found this sick ass Reptar shirt? 

Top story: McCain Flies to Syria and Bang! Nerve Gas and Bombs on Syria! Who Stol…  see more 

Oh fuck the Regalia is about to run out of gas, Ignis is going to be so disappointed, I can't handle this pressure

I'm less worried about being drugged then raped, and more worried about being knocked out and having my organs taken from me for the market.

#california girls fucking pussy nude girls in tanning bed 

Zucca | calf length dress in vertical cotton, cupro, polyester and silk patchwork | #zucca 

You are a force to be reckoned with wherever you go now, and ... More for Aries 

The battery drains fast now. I only have 8 hours of battery, /with/ the battery saver on. I've just been managing time spent on the phone.

I'm more or less in the middle of Birthright and I already want to play Conquest, but I'm sure playing both at once is a terrible idea

Matter of fact don't lecture me about spending my money at all. You not paying for anything in my life it's none of your business.

OPINION: 'University should be actively leveling the playing field for all prospective students'… 

you got to be a hoe ass nigga to get mad for what he did 

Daddy's Lttle Princess Ass Fucked 

Container Office, Ikoyi Conceptualization, Architectural Design and Construction by:… 

LTJ Bukem standing on the shoulders of this very giant:  

Backyard Discovery Tanglewood Cedar Wood Swing Set with Built-in Bench, Wood Roof Overhead - $719.00: This Backyard… 

#Trump needs to understand that you should #BuildBridgesNotWalls #TheResistance #ResistingHate 

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

I'm buying Persona 5 in 2 days because I'm a huge weeb and want to time sink a month of my life away.

_So Sad! How doctors at FMC Asaba murdered my wife after she gave birth to twins - Husband cries out (photos) 

20 #SocialMedia Templates! DIY Overlays! Get Yours Today!  #bloggers #blogging #instagram… 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

'The Never Settle Show' Premieres Tonight  #Entrepreneur 

I wish I could go back in timeand fix my wrongs. I miss someone so much my heart is crushed. andThey don't even want me to contact them. Painful

maybe this is not a special gift, this is just a not important story from me, hope you unterstand how busy i am:"

You don't realized what you had until you fucked up and lost it  

Alex Rodriguez Talks About Relationship with Jennifer Lopez on ‘The View’ (Video)  

Karl Marx: Sionist, Rotschild Puppet to create communism. Samael And Investigations. 

But babe. u know i've tried and failed but u just dont know how it feels to lose something u never had and never will

Philadelphia Eagles NFC Champions Super Bowl XXIX 39 1 inch Collectible Pin  

When payday comes and your friends invite you to the strip club no thank you I don't want to get grinder on and catch a fucking std

Loooooooool Shit me up man !!!!!!         

please write judge david larimer at 100 State St, Rochester, NY 14614 and ask him to grant dawn nguyen's 2255 motion she has learned

There aren't more entertaining things in wrestling than Brock Lesnar suplexing the shit outta people. #WrestleMania

Sometimes you just need to slow down, remain calm, breathe, and simply let life happen. #ThursdayThoughts

Wednesday's Roundup: #BIG5 Performances, former Catholic swimmer earns college award, results 

Man makes 9 citizen arrests on Uber drivers; court not amused - SFGate  #Uber

Art. Pure art. Need to mix some sexy black and hispanic BBW queens in this pic too. 

Philippine lawmaker pushes for Duterte impeachment over ‘defeatist’ China stance 

Easily create #data-driven #applications with Arcadia Enterprise 4.0  #bigdata… 

WATCH: 911 calls launched within the lethal housebreaking in Tulsa, Oklahoma  

This why bitches like u get beat up nasty ass 

Fk Instagramit wouldn't let me put it on there so I'll put it on here #Amv #naruto #anime #boruto 

I could go off flying... flew through turbulent lee-wave rotor east of Andes once; several seconds of free-fall was… 

It turns everything these people work for into a fucking joke.

I'm sure it's just a coincidence that every Trump supporter I've argued with in person happens to believe same insane conspiracy theories.

Bachelorette Party #outfit inspiration. I need an excuse to rock this #lookoftheday.    #Jessieanng 

EXO are now heading to Macau.  They are going to celebrate their 5th anniversary there tomorrow! I hope Yixing... 

I wanna knock nigga out and make him have a sizzler so bad that's my goal     

First, I played SIF. Then I watched the 2 season anime, movie and live concerts. I had a connection with μ's that I never felt before.

You can't slang no tea<EMOJI>️, cause he been putting me on bout everything  . I could only wish dawg the best  .

Raju Srivastav LEAKS His Personal Conversation With Kapil Sharma About Sunil Grover  

FUCK YEAH JACKIE!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

Open-source solitaire pack of +1000 games PySolFC needs help porting to Python 3  

Ed Miliband was spotted on public transport and the internet went into meltdown 

Baltimore MD USA - Part Time Unarmed #Security Officer Needed-NOW HIRING - Security Officers ...  #CAREER #WORK #JOB

Happy Mothers Day Messages 2017 – Mother’s Day Card Messages With Images and Pictures 

- come on babe that was just puppy love, it doesn't compare to our love - we have big dog love. I'm talking Great Dane love    

Love diving into new businesses to understand their value and help build effective marketing strategies around it. Always fascinating.

Dutch-Turks start voting in #Erdogan referendum #Netherlands #turkey  

These 8 Illustrations Channel The Struggles And Successes Of Freelancing For A Living 

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

Just sitting here waiting on the anime adaption of #yuno. Still mind blown despite beating it two months ago. 

#bbcgolf Westwood originally showing 6 on 10 and not 4. Garcia originally showed 5 and now 7!! #canttheyaddup

Content people have so much time to waste talking crap about everyone else. You guys need some kind of stress in life to stay humble

again..." He spoke softly, wiping the tears away so his love and children don't see him like this. It's fine. It's just the (41/42)

I hope people would learn to accept that they're not the only one who's melancholic, alone and carries any kind of problem!

I'm sick of bitching about things that are beyond my control.

Like no, I'm not a mom, but that doesn't mean I'm a fucking idiot who doesn't know anything about children. Fuck outta here.

Anthropomorphism is fun until you scar your 3 year old for life tearing the head off the cute bunny toy getting it out of the damn package

Ketchup, Protein Bars; 12 Foods That Shouldn’t Be In Your Kitchen And Why >>>> 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FELLOW BAKED BEAN!!! CANT WAIT FOR UZI AND BOAT TO TAKE ON MORE ADVENTURES TOGETHER   have an… 

It's amazing to see the creative ways our Peer Leaders help their peers connect college to career. Way to… 

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Hey Regional Sites! Get ready for our new teaching series on Anabaptism tomorrow morning. Join us for the start of… 

can't wait to wake up tomorrow and realize i bought a plane ticket instead of can't afford afford to go to the doctor hahaha

just seen the trailer to The Mummy that shit looks so horrible

Z-Shade Prestige Instant Canopy 10 x 10 $34.59 Shipped via SwagGrabber - Sears has the Z-Shade ... 

don't say it unless you mean it And if you meant it, be ready to prove it. #ALDUBxDTBYBitterDays #DTBYSinagAndTrish 

#xxx,#PornFilms,#XFilms,#SexFilms  Dumpy And Dirty Blond Bitch Hailey Holiday Got Mouth... 

#facebood of sex fucking bus 

Sterling VA USA - Roll-off Outside Sales Representative - #Waste #Recycling - #Job Description Roll-off Ou...  #WORK

My heart just went stone fucking cold — feeling apathetic

Around this time was when I started serving into Taehyungs lane ! This was a fucking A1 look      

If you are looking for the enemies of this nation, look no farther than people in position of authority. Economic s… 

ive seen that just right perf cut 20 times on my tl but not the hard carry perf they're both by got7??? so why ??????????????????????

There is no evidence for an afterlife, but how des nyone know that atheist don't avoid hell if there is one? You ca… 

    Thank you Tuesday's!!! Our customers are the best!!    #letemeat #flightamericanfusion… 

#facts And #figures Every Consumer Should Know About Sue Heintze's Guide To Improve and Enhance #weightloss 

=US strikes Syria with with 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles, the effect is devastating (Photos/Video) 

The way Snapchat has the fucking face I can't 

....but another opportunity to recognize their contributions as being mission critical. #EqualPayDay

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

'Walking Dead' Star Andrew Lincoln Talks Midseason Premiere Scene That Left ##WalkingDead #WalkingDead 

No, I won't film you doing fucking bicep curls. Jesus Christ, Tilton Fitness is ruined.

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

Idk y but I ship seulgi to almost every guy she partnered with or linked with hahahahahahahhaha 

Me: My throat kind of hurt earlier, I think I'm getting sick. Marc: NO! Me: Maybe it was just a glitch..

“Whenever You Beat A Woman, You Beat Your Joy, Success And Peace” – Mr Ibu Says.  

Jurassic pork     pork belly with sticky chilli and fennel seed glaze, granny Smith apple puree,… 

Although the endresult sits better on the bridge, still a killer-look! #funky #Classic #awesome… 

that is soooo out, he is the man of the fucking house, you all are not roommates.

I'm sorry but I could never cuff a girl that fucked my mans smh 

Thank you everyone, for the lovely birthday wishes. The years have gone by so fast and God has blessed me with a... 

sunny weather always makes me think blu cantrell needs to re release breathe so i can hear it on the radio  

Criss Waddle – Bokorr Di3 (Prod. by Unkle Beatz) [Mp3 + Lyrics]  

"Faced with all these losses, actual and potential, the #EU is determined that #Britain must suffer more than the o… 

I act like I don't fucking care. But I'm so fucking scared.

Warning! you may know these women =>  REAL women and wives looking for discreet sex #dating 

Somebody, Push me on a #dick, please ! Let's have a chat -  

YIKES some ppl only cares about good looking people! He slut shamed a girl for something he knew it never happened… 

Not my best, but a relatively stable heart rate and again under my 15:30 target! #getfit #gamedev 

some ignorant fucking people broke into manny's car and i'm so pissed off. i'm going on a man hut as i type this

Yes sure that u r a genuine #BALOCH,   even you doesn't know the meaning of #BALOCH and #BALOCHI. F**k ur Pakistan g… 

YOU FAKE ASS FUCKING BITCH 

Tiziana Maid and all fucking machine 

There is no better feeling than knowing someone that makes you feel like you don't have social anxiety when you're talking to them

#QuestionoftheDay: What's an area you feel is sorely missing from board game reviews and media coverage?

Euro is a 'knife in the ribs' of the French says Le Pen -  

Amazon's Alexa is making saving lives easier with simple CPR voice commands thanks to the American Heart... 

Our last meal was at Tapas 24 which is incredible. Like the best restaurant in all of Barcelona.… 

Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity. - Unknown #quote 

I'm my best friend's #1 fan if nobody is there for her I'm there for her because I know how it feels to not have anybody by your side     

has anyone else been shocked by a vacuum ? Like once I pulled the cord and I literally felt a shock from my feet to my head  

He's proudly anti-women and LBGTQ. Rates of disease, suicide, teen pregnancy, and unsafe abortions skyrocketing must be his fervent dream.

Black Cool car key USB flash pen drive Mercedes Benz 64GB box packaged memory  

Virtual Reality Sex Dolls Can Be Programmed. Is The End Of Prostitution Next? 

Lovely Summer Pet Dog Clothes Apparel Cat Puppy Cotton Vest T-shirt Coat Costume  

I mean if we're being totally honest Im usually either wondering if my zipper is down or checking other peoples crotches to see if theirs is

FCA celebrating with Air Canada at our Cross Canada Conference! #FCLovesAC #FCAComeTogether 

Netflix has me emotionally distraught over some damn cassette tapes

Home Based Regional CRA (Oncology, Cardiovascular, or Neuroscience) - regional, PA 19454, US #jobs #regional pls RT… 

Here's something #JosephdiGenova is spreading #fakenews he's the source of the Susan Rice story. Check his background #russiagate #russia

Dr Montreel Social and College Parliament hands a preparatory view of the hands of practice concentration camps and arrested young people.

answer the fucking question jack 

A good intern will find their reputation precedes them. Jobs are ;early always offered on this wkrd-of-mouth evidence.

#PowerOfThePack #TWolves #Signed SIGNED JJ BAREA SWINGMAN REV T-WOLVES JERSEY! MAVERICKS JOSE JUAN J.J. AUTO CO... 

The fact that Harold's 2nd wife moved in so fast... and basically turned a blind eye to what kinda man Harold was... #FearThyNeighbor

who put that on naver? does s/he wants us suffering? where is the hd im asking where is the hd 

I am currently much better than I used to be at plans. Earlier, knowing that I had to do something at a specific time, especially if it (1)

Premier League: Chelsea restore 7-point lead atop table following 3-1 win over Bournemouth (ESPN) 

having a threesome and sucking both of there cocks and him fucking me 

Saddle up, partners! There's only one month left to enter this year's #BakeryAwards Enter here: 

You may have had numerous doors close on you, nevertheless, if you don't keep checking how will you know which door… 

Government Approves App Proposed By Akshay Kumar To Support Families Of Slain Jawans 

When a customer decides to write a review to kill the 5 star rating, about somethin that may or may not have happened 6 yrs ago. #saltymuch

IoT: A world of possibilities "connecting the unconnected". # WIS/UNIFI  

my friends are so mean they wanna tell our friend to meet us at a bar tomorrow then not show up and call her saying april fools jcjdjdhd

Getting the stream up and running today, wont be on until later this evening. 

10x V6 Fan Housing Suitable 3010 Cooling Fan For 3D Printer DIY E3D V6 Extruder  

Taxi! Suri Cruise Hails a Cab in a Seriously Stylish Layered Look  #fashion #fashionweekne… 

So excited to see the Summer Station ID #IkawAngSunshineKo #IkawAngSunshineKoLyricVideo which will be launched on Showtime today!  

 #$50 – #Fundamentals of Character Design: From Concept to Vector #LearnViral.com #tutorial

You're not necessarily the most vocal one in your group, but y... More for Virgo 

Regardless, if you saw those pictures of the chemical attacks and didn't think "whoever is responsible needs to pay"...pretty damn heartless

40% of employers plan to hire full-time workers in 2017 — the strongest showing in 10 years. 

If Theresa May pays the EU £50 billion, the Brexit backlash will drown out the rest of her deal 

Took me half an hour to motivate myself enough to get out of bed for a glass of water, and my cat gets to it before I do.

be in the bed all day.. fucking in and fighting on, it's our paradise and it's our war zone

#BigData and the Creative Destruction of Today's Business Models  #digitaltransformation #datascience #analytics

when you have your notifs on for a fucking troye stan 

I know it ain't over yet and it's only a point but this look better #Millwall 

Vince you fucked up. Now turn Roman heel. #Wrestlemania

ppl rlly be on their knees for trump without knowing a damn clue wtf is happening lol gratest kuntry in ze worldz!!! very informed!!!

When you rather eat 322g of egg whites bec you don't like chicken n need to fill ur protein macro n carbs 

Coming up with an idea is just one part; to know how you will reach interested customers in an effective and... 

Folks, to avoid spoilers during Persona 5 I'm going to up the tip/bits required for on-screen notifications. No more $1 game spoilers, lol

A man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth. Luke 12:15  #jesus

Application packages for Special Olympics Peer Coaches are in Room 101 and are due back on Monday April 10.

If he can't be trusted to be alone with a woman by his WIFE he has no business making decisions for us! 

My life is expected to simultaneously fall apart and get itself together this month let's see how this goes

Father loses term time holiday case at Supreme Court. Let us know what you think. 

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

It looks like it will be exactly what you expect from it, an old school platformer in the style of Banjo Kazooie and that is perfectly fine

Adam Pally arrested after being caught with cocaine in NYC - Fox News Karma is a B... isn't it ? Lol   

Final Four deal (10% off) COACHES The off season has arrived once again. Become a better coach  Coupon code- 10off

8 years of OBAMA whitey got the blame for all our problems, when WHITY is gone, who will the IDIOTS BLAME!

If this video shows up while I am at the theater, I will ask for a refund let the Mgmt. know that their name will b… 

Got my bad bitch by my heavenly side   

The spread offense limits the number of plays a QB runs and complicates transition to the far more complex pro game. 

Headscarf ban is 'discrimination in disguise'  #TopStories 

Y'all bitch really think i gaf if y'all like me or not   come on now most of y'all broke dumb or yall momma don't want y'all anyway uglies 

3. Pep's Lions: 10 English who would be perfectly suited to Pep Guardiola's system -  

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I drove through the Superstition Mountains today on the Apache Trail. What an adventure. Highly recommend it. 

I've now basically watched all the Marvel movies (iron man was my fav besides deadpool). I think I want to start that 13 reasons why show.

i have developed a new appreciation for peonies, they are now my favorite flower 

Saudi Doctors Remove Lightbulb From Man’s Stomach Swallowed 11-Years Ago -  

Looking for a new job relating to agriculture? Here's your chance! #supporthawaiiagriculture 

NYSC to re-open Maiduguri orientation camp The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), has said it will re-open its… 

Congrats to all the team at Balance Cafe in Glanmire on their grand opening. Delighted to be back supplying you... 

Are you worried about going back to work tomorrow? Priory has tips for coping with anxiety:  

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

You might be disgruntled with your current social standing bec... More for Taurus 

#nofilter This is my new hair! I hope you guys like and thank you very much for the support! And… 

Please RT #beauty #makeup The Stripped Down Challenge | Let's Be Honest  

How deep does the rabbit hole really go? part1  part2 

Afternoon in Paris will be at the Hi Tide on Saturday at 1pm, but stick around for more fab music and a great weeke… 

In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock KISSES SlayOnMegMag

Wait hold up.......It was all just a bad ass dream???? #GrimmFinale

The government fucked me with my taxes   if there's one thing Trump could attempt to fix, it would be that

I'm so fucking hungry and I don't go on break til 6-7

To Sir, with Love by E.R. Braithwaite Paperback Book (English)  

The ship called styd*a is so fucking ugly and have no chemistry at all

"Noam Chomsky Calls Democrats' Obsession With Russia Conspiracy Theories "A Joke"" 

THIS IS JUST A FUCKING GIF AND IMM ALREADY CRYINGSDVKSD 

'Exact opposite of what is needed': CIBC slams Ont. rent-control rules  

I can't sleep though I work so many crazy ass hours..my poor little circadian rhythm   thrown off like a mf

I'll be delivering mugs this week to anyone in the Philly area who interested in purchasing.… 

Way to fuck over sick people KS! 

That was an ugly ass game but I'LL FUCKIN TAKE IT!!!!! #GOHEELS #GDTBATH FUCK YOU CHARLES BARKLEY!!!!!

Omg I can't fucking stand Cheryl Blossom I wanna scream

13 people followed me and 5 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

My mom: Emma stop over explaining yourself Also my mom: NEVER STOPS FUCKING TALKING EVEN WHEN PEOPLE TELL HER TO STOP

#CPTTraffic Crash: N2 Outbound before Liesbeeck. All lanes are open. No delays currently. Please exercise patience… 

The worst film I've ever been in my fucking grave.

Trump hits Obama after Syrian gas attack  What an idiot

#Earths remnant arrives at distant #planet - civilization reboot. #ScienceFiction Ebook 

#Wentworth hairy #interracial #sunset fucking mom #erotica #voyeur pussyfuck kinky 

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!  #TreCru 

My cousin is always 15 minutes late for his shift I hate this nigga   

Which will be first: the midpoint of the novel, or this book being now as big as #thepurplerose despite not being near finished #amwriting

Been doing so much after work lately definitely feeling accomplished now time to chug some beer   #cheers 

june jarvis/godfrey gathered the collection Old photography!  

Basically every fan of Huck aka everybody is here with their hearts in their throats!!! #WhatTheHuck #Scandal #GladiatorsBda

So during my conversation with my sister I learned some news that made my whole day.... next tweet because I like suspense...

the fucking emcee/host of this wedding is so noisy

A fear of the unknown keeps a lot of people from leaving bad situations. Don't let this happen to you! #DTBYSinagAndTrish

BallinCribs: RT AmaziingPuppies: Guess who just rolled through freshly cut grass?  #RDWilsonRealtor #Tampa #Florida…

Voyeur caught them fucking by the woods  

SYNCHRO ARC WAS B AD MOSTLY BUT IT GAVE US 2 GREAT OPS AND ALSO: YUZU RIDING DUEL

Riders shouldn't suffer bc of this loss of drivers. If Uber/Lyft/etc did background checks in the first place, we wouldn't have this issue.

like, is you bitches crazy? 

More than 30 advertisers have dropped Bill O'Reilly's show. Can Fox News stand by him?  by… 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#hashtag3 2017 New Hot Sell Simulated Pearl Jewelry - Trendy Women Necklaces ... 

So. An excellent start to the new under 18 team. Just a few short hours and quite a lot covered. Cheers.

the sbux lady saw a pic i took of their wall on my phone and goes "seriously how did they do that" and i said "ya i know it was me" 

WELL CITCH GO GET ONE SO HE CAN TELL YO WEIRD ASS HOW STUPID U LOOK 

idk why but since i got into madpp, my classes are all started in the evening. idk if i am considered lucky or otherwise   ‍

Learn how #Caterpillar migrated from a legacy platform to a digital interface.  $CAT… 

What did I tell you? What did I FUCKING tell you?! I beat your "6 Star" performer! And that, my friends, is Too. Da… 

Training Coordinator Job Vacancy At Lonadek  Lonadek, 

I hate that lull between conference where you're super fired up to study the new talks but you have to wait a few days before they come out

Mourinho: "The way we play at Old Trafford, dominate opponents, play in the box, I think Chicharito would have scor… 

Used to listen to all these songs, and *tried* to pop these moves   my day is officially made with this challenge   

#BBNaija: Comedian, IGoDye Supports Efe With His Cadillac Escalade. (Photos) - 

15 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

"Pakistani Muslim with U.S. citizenship planned Paris-style jihad attacks in NYC" 

That goal by Benteke though, fam. One goal since the new year and does that. Sold Courtois bare dreams.

Razmi_rizwan Please share your Jio number, the recharge amount, payment mode, transaction/reference id, recharge mode(1/2)

Hi Remember the grand piano and open air Lakes concert? It rained but we did it! Made it onto LookNE and Cumbria- how about BBC LNW tonight?

I cane along way... Thank God for all my capabilities and blessings... Shop open!! Come see me… 

#BoiseFreeStuff Free sturdy loveseat, office chair (Nampa)  

Olivia Wilde to Make Broadway Debut in Play of '1984'  

Mourinho looking forward to summer transfer window  #football #sport #antoinegriezmann

I seriously cram to understand why vegans always feel the need to try to convert you. They're like the Jehovah's Witnesses of food.

This fool really said "Adolf Hitler or Donald Trump" during a game of Would You Rather.......                               #dead

Labour must tell us what it can offer: 'Not what it would like to offer, by way of a rework of human nature, or the… 

.I found a Popular Bridal | Baby Shower Tradition Keepsake. Sweetest "Mother to Daughter" Heirloom Gift.  #giveaway

I was playing an mmo and one of my friends in guild was actually the nurse I talk to in a clinic I used to go to ev… 

Love the Picture! Appreciate all the sacrifices this family has gone through to protect the 'regular guy American';… 

I really hate it wen people trying to get on my nerves like wtf bitch are you looking for

Great weather outside it's a shame I'm spending the rest of the day doing FUCKING COURSEWORK #ALevels

"Marketers, This Is the Best Way to Truly Serve a Nonprofit"  #wirtschaft #marketing #socialmedia

"it will give you that indication. That’s the assumption I’m having." Read that last sentence again.

I swear on everything I hate baseball season. I only watch games to see what hats and jerseys I want.

Alyssa had one martini and we're walking to the car and she says "I'm not gonna lie I'm kinda tipsy, it's alright though I'm good to drink"

Ima be a bad bitch for my birthday , NAILS ! bundles ! Heels ! Dress ! All dat    just cause

SUGAR BEET YIELD AND QUALITY AS AFFACTED BY WATER REGIME BEFOR HARVEST, DENSITY AND SOME CULTIVARS IN…  ReseachBib

This is asking the wrong question. The log roll is to find external posterior injuries, NOT to stick a finger up so… 

Hi hello im home and my head hurts like a fucking BITXH

#squirtbetty #webshow bdsm #tulsa fucked #camming #sisterhood tit 

Save on your entry in the HOW In-House #Design Awards when you enter by 5/5!  

One day you gone catch me on a bad day and I'm gone go off on yo ass    

Sark has built his fan base for a very long time. So obviously they'll download his songs and he'll have the most.It'… 

Goodnight from everyone at WHY Music Canada and the guys in WHY. #NewSingle #soon #goodnight  

Idc if it's 2:00 am or 6:00am if i call you, you've to pick it up. Bcs i don't call for gossip ffs.

"Horrible Story Of A Boy Who Turns Gently Into Stone Because Of Rare Condition Wherewith He Was Born 

austin mahone's snapchat story has me on the fucking floor breathless.

look at susan rice. talk about someone who likes to throw herself under the boss. just how stupid is this woman?? a… 

COME TO THINK OF IT #MaxineWaters hair does look like James Brown.....LIVIONG IN THE USA....FUNNY SONG..LOL...

I wish NYX was like Benefit where they have artists in stores helping you, cus Id be the best at it.

UP THE BLUES! I am supporting Manchester City when they take on Arsenal - LIVE on SuperSport. #PL #SSFootball 

Is she glued to that fucking seat or what? #onbenefits

【My cutie devil】 #mycutiedevil 【iOS】 【Android】 

Cock addict chick wearing a sexy lingerie having a hard time while ass pounded 

The Youth Justice Summit 2017 will cover all aspects of #YouthJustice. Special rate for students - BOOK NOW!… 

When you experience the joy of my love, there you find comfort and perfect peace. 

ISIS message calls Trump 'foolish idiot'  #Politics #Trump #USA

＠tos #Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Bordeaux, F for now (22h58m01s UT): 02°30'25.8'' #Sagittarius (AC) / 21°47'01.6'' #Virgo (MC)

May you have a morning and evening full of duaa. Our Merciful Lord has taught us to make the following duaa:... 

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive Profile: Those who follow their dreams!  #TreCru 

AIE programming student, Gabriel Lozada, has achieved a very eerie atmosphere with his latest work. What is the... 

Construction gets underway on Malahat Village safety improvements ( > 65% of corridor will be median divided) 

Why did I have to book the earliest fucking train?

Remember everybody used to wear them ugly ass roshes

Wow! Portion Perfect containers for 30% OFF. Just use promo code J9EC2OTF and go to   #giveaway

#bikini nude pic asshole fucking 

#BlueTarpBills burden Texas businesses trying to get insurance claims paid on time, in full and reopen their doors: 

Jordan and I are making memes and sending them to each other If thats not true friendship idk what is

Grand National 2017 LIVE blog: Follow all the action from Aintree  

Karnataka borrows Tamil Nadu's 'Amma canteen' idea, calls it Indira canteen - India Today  

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

"Yankees’ Top Pick in 2015 Is Sidelined Again by Elbow Pain" by WALLACE MATTHEWS via NYT 

Sleeping cutie awoken for hardcore fucking by stud 

Thus spake Fuckface von Clownstick. He clearly assumes Americans have zero short-term or long-term memory and belie… 

Super SEALs? "Promising Signs" From Navy SpecOps' "Brain-Stimulating Technologies" | Zero Hedge 

We Will Be  #russia #russiagate #putin  

IF U ABUSE AN ANIMAL U DESERVE TO BE BURIED ALIVE, THEY DONT EVEN UNDERSTAND WHATS HAPPENING ALL THEY TRY TO DO IS MAKE U HAPPY

Can't wait to get rid of this shitty fucking proc 

got a fucking mountain growing on my face and I'm not here for it

Do you know of a buyer for this cute condo we just listed in Roseville? 259 Sharp Circle #3 

Is there any website that's constantly updated to say when the next SpaceX launch is at any given time? 

In honor of National Take a Walk in the Park Day, enjoy the beauty of Waipahu. 

8 Useful Things That Differentiate Average Sex From Great Sex Share on facebook  -

Make sure you WATCH and VOTE for this hilarious cartoon (for adults, not kids) that I'm a part of. I'm the voice o… 

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Simeone (coach Atletico): "I'm more proud of the draw at Barcelona than the wins against Real Madrid" #fcblive

to magnify god in even anothers smallest good is to build the weak and take every1s focus off bad news.

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

Personal Finance Daily: The most productive workers and why the U.S. has almost reached 2008…  #econ #mises #keynes

As stomach-turning as it is, listen to what lib activists are saying. It is really scary, their "vision" for America. It's Un-American crazy

Hello people in America, #Russia, #Japan, etc, enjoy your #life and watch a movie for free:  

Birmingham's Rot Threatens Wider Society via Geller Report - The 2007 NYPD report ... 

Fear of loosing n personal inability to pay fee .... so let govt. pay ! It is corruption sir ji ! 

#MLB Wire: Ruben Amaro Sr. dies, said in 2009 he wanted to be buried in a Phillies jersey  

Meet 3 of our Disrupt NY Startup Spotlight companies: Duo Security, Lemonade, and Tala 

'Stop the pessimism!' Brexit MEP Dan Hannan BLASTS Norman Lamb's bleak trade deal vision  

#Commissioner why don't U investigate all the Arts Councils in Ireland, some theatre companies get millions and never written a play #Dublin

Will #fintech and #insurtech enable #bigdata analytics to allow real time...  by… 

Hahaa who are you fucking kidding? Another draw of course 

BHA says British workers need to accept low-paid hospitality jobs. KPMG adds post-Brexit skills shortage cd lead to shortfall of 1m workers

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

The snow report: Oregon logs a good year on the mountains (Video, Photos) #Oregon 

Here are answers to your questions about the #I85BridgeCollapse  #ATLTraffic 

➙MASAKI YODA 2016/12 -Right there(sample)(1/3 Quality)-  #музыка #Япония #ИНФОРМАЦИЯ

Video – 1000 Muslim Men Stone 17 Year Old Virgin To Death (Caution Very Graphic) || 

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Aromatherapy Oil Diffuser, SZTROKIA 180ml Essen..." by Sztrokia.  #giveaway

i'm playing sly 2 for the thousandth time and it turns out i forgot my only goal in life is to design and model whimsical 3D environments

Five Must-See Shows if You’re in New York This Month  

Girls will literally try to talk to you about how bad your ex is, then literally be blowing their phone up behind your back. Smh  

Searching for previous/current tennants of Park Hill flats, Sheffield, please get in touch! #parkhill#streetsinthesky #urbansplash#brutalism

This is absolutely WRONG, he blurred that girl's face and forgot to blur dog's face...? I mean how can he face to... 

I work 4 r setting up big in SA. Why in a country already failing? My manager often jokes "capture it all in high d… 

Time to make a cuppa. Maybe some toast. Couple of biscuits. There’s that bag of mini eggs in the fridge too. #Hinterland

lol their is just a level of aim that PC players have right now that i am currently not up on. Im nice but good could always be better

Thoroughly enjoying getting to know what an ice pick headache feels like, yes yes. Oh, a stress thing? That I can do nothing about? Ace.

Breakfast with The Beatles at noon every Sunday / Finest Meat and Seafood offers the Best Service in the Tri-State... 

Grow up. Unless she's out here being reckless and fucking niggas without protection, who cares?

#JustIn Grand Opening: Phillies Beat Reds on Opening Day  #News 

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

Jill Fucked in the Caravan 

1960s BIG EYES CHILD Girl Oil PAINTING ABRUZZI HAROLD STEPHENSON Poinsettia  

AVP - Information Risk Strategy: Moody's - New York City, NY - development to maintain… 

You might have plans for a peaceful day of rest and relaxation... More for Cancer 

The FM will increase prices, remove subsides or impose new taxes to raise funds from the people to pay off debts... 

The fact that people lack so much belief in themselves that they think college is the only way to success shows how real the matrix is.

‘Madame President’ Author On ‘Street Cred,’ Economic Power Of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf 

Buffy: Faith told me to play on his human weakness. Willow: Faith told you? Before or after you put her in a coma? Buffy: After. Willow: Oh.

Funny how you say you miss me and want something but you still don't make an effort. Sorry but I don't have time for that...

Divided by Fate by Claire Ryann Outnumbered and betrayed by his closest friends, Daelan must accept the mutiny... 

Another smack in the fucking face but this won't stop me

Chicken Pot Pie Recipe | Chicken Pot Pie With Biscuits #cooking #cook #kitchen #health - 

#DallasCowboys #Card 2016 National Treasures Dak Prescott RC Dual Relic /99 Dallas Cowboys Rookie… 

Your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push... More for Leo 

Popular on 500px : Blowing My Mind to You by BertoniSiswanto  

Shaking cool, ifw it and all but I'm so tired of seeing girls do nothing but shake they ass. Like post what book you reading or something.

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!  #TreCru 

WHY DO I FUCKING SEE MY CRUSH'S FACE ON JEONGHAN IM GETTING FRUSTRATED 

If you want to keep your followers engaged and also save time throughout your day, RoundTeam is a great solution. 

Crazy icespeedway riders last night in Heerenveen   see more:  #icespeedway #heerenveen 

Dems lost majority of an entire voting bloc and manufacturing states that normally vote blue. They refuse to acknowledge they did wrong 1/2

remember that one time where fitz went to livs apartment unannounced and took her on a fucking date. what a legend.

Bella Notte King Coverlet in Silk Velvet in Flax, Excellent Condition  

Wind 7 km/h NW. Barometer 1022,6 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 21,0 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 46%

Kodak - Side Nigga ....The Anthem For Crazy Niggaz  

As a Jew I find your tweet appalling ..... I see this is your account for trolling ...... 

monetizemore : Header Bidding Expert Roundup: How it Revolutionizes Publisher Business  (v…… 

Listen to I Got Bitches FREESTYLE (prod. Sleepy Eyes) by Ugly God #np on #SoundCloud 

from what i heard dragon maid's alright, if you can ignore all the Bad Anime Bullshit it has

MOMMA TRIED TO KEEP ME HOME BUT I LUH THE FUCKING SKREETS

Art or Social Experiment? Ken Ferguson taking Bunz baths in strangers' homes.  

Mom Speaks Out About Bullying And Gang Rape That Led To Her Daughter's Suicide 

Still can't fathom Ed Shultz going over to the other side. Did getting canceled at MSNBC push him over the edge? 

My followers live in Netherlands (60%), Germany(20%)... Get your map:  

i feel so out of it right now. i feel like how i did when i was sleep deprived + on heavy narcotics after my tonsillectomy... this is. wow

5 Color Choice Mistakes You Should Avoid in Web Design [Infographic]  

wait is that persons name really huevo or?? — noo hahahhah       it's our (pristin gc) nickname f... 

The fact is that there is absolutely no such thing as the "word of god". The "word of god" has always come out of the mouths of humans.

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Kiew, UKR for now (01h28m01s UT): 03°43'37.6'' #Aquarius (AC) / 03°10'32.0'' #Sagittarius (MC)

Falcons RG Chris Chester announces sudden retirement  

#techniques sex positions hole fucking 

HOW CAN EVERYONE FROM FL MOVE TO NY AND HAVE LIFE ALL TOGETHER EXCEPT FOR ME WHY AM I AN IDIOT

However I'd need to pay 20 bucks for one year BUT 40 for ANWHOLE FUCKING LIFETIME Soooo I'm gonna check with my mom to see if I can-- Yeah

Can't believe my lesbian daughter got her catchphrase from an old crusty gremlin. :/ 

#Football #Buzz 2006 SP AUTHENTIC DUAL AUTOGRAPH ELI MANNING NY GIANTS PHILIP RIVERS BGS 9  

Returning #glossier customers can get free shipping on any order using code 'HELLOLA' through 4/11. Get ordering <EMOJI>️… 

Kind of hard to tell from this picture, but my Eastern Redbud made it through the winter! What a… 

Dratini available until 10:50:58am (24m 51s). Iron Tail / Aqua Tail (51.1% - 9/14/0) 

//region "region name" code //endregion to organize #android #code in #AndroidStudio, make #androiddeveloper life easy.  

janice griffith fucking lance hart at home - 

Today I had the best day off painting stuff and chit chatting  the therapeutic session was… 

The Touch German kitchen range has proved to be a stylish and popular kitchen choice and this year, we've... 

The happiness can be seen in their face that how much they are excited for their first child    Lucky Boy… 

Me: (sees sisters friends over, stays in room cuz they're annoying) Her: Kev can we take my fake ass friends home… 

It's almost been 6 months and I am so thankful to have you lover bug I love you 

idk if ill be able to stay up for the fashion show my head hurts like hell and i- 

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

probably most of my mutuals haven't seen me and i'm gonna delete it in the morning but that's the first pic of myself ive posted in 2 years

Wind 0 km/h ---. Barometer 1009,9 hPa, Aumento lento. Temperature 12,5 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 83%

We are going live with some #minecraft Jurassic world 2 at 3:30PM EST today see you there!   

NO HE IS NOT GONNA FUCKING DIE, NOT TEMPORARILY NOT EVER #TheOriginals

Archive: #Google Android Studio 2.0 Beta Unleashed With more features (Video)  #betachannel

I hate how uneducated people try to talk like they know shit about global events. Syrian government is killing their own people

If Chris took my phone during a show I would fucking mummify the phone.

Beautiful ending to a great Sunday!    … …… 

Not having a solid QB killed us against a great team. You'll never win throwing 6 ints. We got a lot to learn

worst thing ever is meeting other girls and theyre be snobby and ignore you. Hoes

 The #reason I wrote this book is for my students #past and #present as they prepare for… 

Get your say in on $RMRSF at SpeculatingStocks, the discovery engine.  #stocks 

if you straddle my hips and grind slightly, we're fucking   ‍  ‍  ‍that's just how it works bruh

my gang fucked wendy with cream pie ending 

Sweet Briar donors commit $5 million, launching Phillip C. Stone Legacy Challenge 

This is now, that was then, you broke my heart, I let you in, this is now, that was then, I fucked around with all your friends

for those that don’t know, I have a headcanon for a building in Victoria. I think that Demons and Angels fight for this domain.

Happy Birthdayyy  naka teerukkk    mee kwam suk mak2 naaaa loveyouu always  l will support you and stay with youuu… 

"Caitlin Jenner told Diane Sawyer she is writing her autobiography, see I think its gonna be one of those He said-She said things" LMAO

It's probably mad alarming actually. Cause "shut the fuck up" flies out of my mouth every 162 seconds, if even that long.

04-03 Roy Williams, UNC basketball coach, collapses on sidelines during game vs. Boston College…  #UncBasketball

My newly single friend has gotten absolutely smashed (cant blame him tbf) therefore tonight is a watching over job

Join IBHS Drama for The Great Gatsby tomorrow and Saturday night at 7. Don't be a "beautiful little fool" by missin… 

The fucking NERVE for him to say this is about the babies who died. That disgusting piece of shit this has NOTHING to do with children.

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

UK entrepreneurs top 100: From Richard Branson to Edwina Dunn, these are the most influential business founders in t 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

  hate when niggas say this. 

The current Dean of Liverpool Cathedral, the Very Revd Dr Pete Wilcox will become the next Bishop of Sheffield. 

Anyone want to decide who is on team 1 and 2 for today's Livestock judging contest? #standstill #8goodones #livestockjudging #lynnco4h

Twitter is loosening up its 140-character limit and#8212; again #digitalmarketing #news #today… 

All animals selected by man, as companions must have a life corresponding to their natural longevity.

#RotoArcade  Mostly MLB Notes: Talking Madison Bumgarner and a look around the league

It Looks Like A Floating House, Then A Closer Look Reveals It’s An Amazing Photograph  >

Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #LostHills, CA?  #Retail #Hiring 

Spring is here and the pests are not far behind. Here are a few spring pest prevention tips we have for you! –... 

im going to sleep goodnight i miss jungkook sm i hope he's doing and eating well i hope he's happy and smiling a lot 

15/16 OPC Platinum New York Islanders Ryan Strome Red Prism card #46 Ltd #97/149  

This is the White House actively executing Russian active measures against a former Trump opponent 

I finally got Lachesis! And that was NOT the Chrom that I wanted. #FEHeroes #BunnyChromPlease 

Hear that? That's the call of the wild  ! Until next time wilderness! #patronofdreams #ootd… 

i'm trying to think of ways this could possibly not be allowed anywhere near computers what the back half of s1 is like

Another big #HolidayRoundup for Apr 6. #InternationalDayofSportforDevelopmentandPeace #NationalCaramelPopcornDay #NationalSorryCharlieDay

Why China is banning beards and veils in Xinjiang  #worldnews #news #breakingnews

If you fuck with me I'm having a major smoke out on 4/20 as I record some new music at the studio pull up and you will get dabbed out     

Macro Malware, Aging Worms Continue to Pose Threat to Present Day - eWeek  #HAN

Nothing will deter you from fulfilling your ambitions once you... More for Sagittarius 

"Got dayum bitch they playing our song. I wanna stay whitcha all night long. Forget every single word I said; I was dead wrong."

I won a game by 149 point at Los Angeles stage. Let’s play together![ #Bowling_King

When everything is going accordingly the enemy always try to come creep up on you but I aint havin it !! buhh byee

#porn tan lines fucking a shaved pussy 

When i first met you i never thought i would fall for you, After i fell for you i never thought i would TANNER ForStarMusic TMI

Do you follow us on Facebook? Like us now and stay in touch with what we do! #SupportTheWalk  

Beautiful Asian girl brought to orgasm with multiple sex toys ? free:  #Asianporn #orgasm #sextoys #analdildo

When a guy can handle your flaws, love you on your moody days, and say you're beautiful in your sweatpants and PJs, he's worth loving.

Activism is mainstream again … how can protests create change? | The Guardian 

Intellectual Disability Still a Bar to Death Penalty, Says Supreme Court via Psych News Alert - ... 

Enjoy where you are at on the way to where you are going. - #quote #WednesdayWisdom 

Authorities name suspect from Kyrgyzstan in St. Petersburg metro bombing - Washington Post: Washington Post…… 

Go where you are celebrated not tolerated. If they can't see the real value of you, it's time for a new start. #DTBYStillTheOne

When the Celtics get SMACKED but u wake up to Peru being ranked 17th in the world in FIFA's new world rankings <EMOJI>️   

#PEPSI Cinematographer:  maybe we shouldn't do this. Wait, fuck that! I ain't getting fired today, I just fooled them that I what I'm doing!

4 Parts of Romo: From an underground sensation to playing through injury at MVP level, Tony Romo was 4 distinct QB… 

Thank you to everyone who voted for me for prom court! and congrats to the lovely girl that are on it with me! You all deserve it!  

WARNING: Sleeping Position Can Be Deadly! Always Sleep On The Left Side of Your Body - Here's Why 

 - allbooty: Nasty Sexxx Blog | Hook Up With Freaks For Sex Tonight #wshh #worldstarhoney… 

Archive: 17-year-old racks up £5600 bill on Xbox, pleads ignorance and  #fifa16 #microsoft #microtransactions #xbox

Bitches be too mad bitch get some money and move out the hood you fake ballers  ‍  ‍

^Nigerian man shares hilarious tale of how a pregnant woman used her situation to fight recession 

But he gives a fuck about poll numbers of Trump and Republicans in the US? How about we get facts and evidence before… 

I would sincerely like to thank all my family and friends for the birthday wishes. Blessed to be here another year. 

idk based on what ppl are calling my goat drawings 'him' or 'her' like I've seen folks use both when addressing my magical goat... hmm

First time visiting the Ziwa Rhino Sanctuary, home to 19  . Rangers keep an eye on them 24/7. Plan is to breed 30-4… 

I swear to god I never should have fucked with her... ooouuu toodaloo

If God had a name,wt wld it be?N wld u call it to His face? If u were faced wd Him in all His glory Wt wld u ask if u had just one question?

Korean Internet giant Naver unveiled self-driving car at Seoul Motor Show last week  #korea

"Another day in fucking paradise, fellas!" - things you hear in the hallways of City College 

NPL MEN | We have finally secured a venue for our #ffacup tie against South Springvale. Thanks… 

When you make a cute ass video snap but you look lowkey ugly so you don't know if you should post it or not    ‍ #Currently

Hadn't seen my bestie in some weeks... #Besties #workout #zumba #wedidntmakeitthough 

Buhari Reportedly Cancels His Medical Trip To London, Invites Physicians To Nigeria  

Large Round Oak Dinning or Coffee Table. Local pick up.  

Our rear terrace is waiting for you. When will you come and check us out? #marbella #marbellafood 

10 pythons, including two 15-feet-long, captured in 10 days in Florida Everglades  

(Wave) SWELL: 2.3 ft at 11.4 s ESE / WIND WAVE: 1.0 ft at 5.0 s SE / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 5.6 s / MWD: 107° / 2:00a EDT

#CALLOUT Tyler- making her court accountable for not knowing the score! She held everyone to the… 

Easy way to get Gems with a little click  #clashroyale #freegems 

Top 3 | Schwartz with a nice grab in right to end Northern Colorado's third. GCU 2, NC 0 

Klopp kills the squad with injuries and blames thin air for it happening all season..... The German Wenger

I legit blocked It movie because I kept seeing images and videos of that clown and freak out to death ugh I hate clowns

Descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today, even i... More for Gemini 

I believe you, Danielle. Thank you, Teen Vogue for sharing this story. #SAAM 

Vocal Slut Fucked door Internet Hookup 

courtney you were out there talking shits about hannah but then you say that hannah killing her self wasn't you fault?? 2+2=13???

Fucking pissed...Can't drive until i have insurance.

Then this woman was goin off her nut sayin "so we aint going sea world" bus drivers like na ive told you where we goin.she was actual fuming

tomahawk missiles on an airstrip as a response to chemical warfare is funny because it's like sending assad a pretty fireworks display

Prof. Catherine West talking about the Advanced Radiotherapy theme in the Manchester BRC! (protons are in there!) 

Lewes Forum: What do we think of the quality of the forum at the moment  Im thinking very ba… 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Horny stud enjoys an ass fucking 

Guys anxiety is eating at me even though I'm just sitting here I'm gonna kill myself and take you all with me

The doctor gave me some ibuprofen and paracetamol, but on further enquiry also gave me the option of a blood test which I accepted.

Now Playing on #UniversityPulse - Supermassive Black Hole - Muse - Tune in at 

U got my girl Keke fucked up 

I've entered a competition to win Lee Stafford Ubuntu Oils Straighteners #hairstraighteners #beauty #hair 

LYDIA KISSED STILES CUZ HE WAS HAVING A PANIC ATTACK! CAN MY CRUSH STOP MY PANIC ATTACKS WITH A KISS PLEASE !!

Hudson Park Collection 800TC King Sham 100% Cotton Navy Blue $115.00  

FREE Borussia Dortmund scout contact giveaway is underway!  

Microsoft advises Windows Insiders to check their settings ahead of Creators Update release Andy Weir of Neowin post 

Finally!! I found someone interesting to me  ‍it's been a long time since my notifications were this much.  ‍

Stop watering the WEEDS in your life and start watering the FLOWERS. ~Anonymous  #quote

      im dead asfffffff maaaaaan  wtf       bitches are really stupid !

I've been here for 2 fucking hours this is bullshit

IM FUCKING CRYING OMG #relatable ( xe/xim/xis pronouns , if yall dont like minion memes ur gettin blocked) 

#8: Social dancing crash course - Ballroom dancing for absolute beginners: Social dancing crash…  #Performing #Arts

where you can find a PD that truly deeply madly care for an idol like this       our mino must be moreeeeee than ju… 

NigeriaNewsdesk: Fayemi sues Ekiti lawmakers over warrant of arrest issued on him, demands N500m damages … 

So y'all really gonna act like Nicki's verse in Swalla was good? or that Swalla is even a good song.. 

David Rosenberg: Make no mistake, the Toronto real estate is in a bubble of historic proportions  #markets #economy

#Seahawks #Shirt 4815 Mens NFL SEATTLE SEAHAWKS SUPER BOWL "CHAMPIONS" Jersey T-Shirt  #NFL… 

Would this brainless retard that claims to be my father just hurry up and die¿¿¿?¿???¿??¿?¿?

Learning #CPR and how to use an #AED might be what saves a loved one's life. 

Group 6 of The Masters include 2 past Masters champions Zach Johnson and Louis Oosthuizen also partnered with Adam… 

#Online #Shoe: #AirJordan Retro 14 Black Toe 14 Size 6 Retro 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 #Yeezy  

Protectionism will affect science development badly. USA, Singapore should reconsider 

Gained 8 new followers in the past day. I’m growing my account the right way, are you? Do it with 

that movie fucks u over so bad 

Tried to watch this and listen to trump and I just can't. His lies and bullshit are just infuriating. 

Congratulations to the students who won this year's election: Social sciences: Riley Arkema Humanities: Ashley... 

#New: Sou El Flotador Ft. Almighty, Lary Over, Pusho, Bad Bunny, Jory Boy .. – El Challet (Official R… -  #AK47FULL

Found a Transponder Snail! Famed Pirate Hunter captured! Exclusive shots!!  #TreCru 

Defense and Security - Video - Center for Strategic and International Studies | Political ...…  #PoliticalScience

Hillary wasn't necessarily a good choice. I wouldn't have picked her as the first woman candidate, too much negativ… 

Humiliating a girl for speakin of 'loyalty' cos ur fella was known to message her ?? The issue is ur fella not her  ‍ dear fucking me

A Prof once called wife of our president SHEPOPOTAMUS, the Prof was cheered and reported in the media, nothing happened.

anyway tho! each baby is blessed by the deities before birth essentially and are born as the deities

Creative possibilities are blossoming all around you today. Bu... More for Virgo 

Ling Ling Oslo, Hakkasan group's first restaurant in Norway, opened on April 3 

Still can't believe Rain is in the country omg. Watched is performance n his smile made my night  and omfg the ones who brought him here -

it isn't harry's fault that your favs aren't getting enough attention it's YOURS. maybe if you talked about them as… 

You may finally decide to show your hand today. Although you w... More for Taurus 

EastEnders spoiler: Mick Carter delivers a devastating bombshell...  #eastendersspoilers

And why do girls sleep with men in a relationship? He will literally do the same thing to you... Get a clue.

Victorian premier slams report on fairy tales under threat based on gender bias 

Nice to see Damian Lillard getting some shine on a national stage seeing that hes seldum mentioned among MVP candidates. #Rockets #Blazers

You could be quite tenacious today, clinging to a cherished dr... More for Scorpio 

You may be not-so-secretly exploring a variety of strategies t... More for Aries 

Our milf adores fucking around with boyfrends 

Why external review? Even if you believe that your School is ‘great’, do you know how it could be even greater?  JAN

#tbt to warm tropical breezes and salty air. Take me back! #kona #vacation #bettydesigns… 

I want to photograph abandon rail lines before they pull up the rails. Ghost towns. Sounds fun. Not weird.   

Number crunching for the past week - 2 new followers and NO unfollowers. Stats via 

william ferguson - black gold / two is company (amg): Wanted: Wiliam Ferguson - Black Gold / Two Is Company (AMG)… 

this bitch claims to hate me but is stalking all my retweets and doesn't even follow me   

Trump has just given red-carpet treatment to the one leader who makes Egyptians think back longingly to Mubarak.… 

So they tell you NASS is the enemy and Senate should be scrapped and you believed? Were you conscious during the Military Rule? #DontKillNASS

How 70 Year Old Catholic Priest Was Arrested For Allegedly Spending £ 50 , 000 Of Parish…  

12:54 Temp. 16.7°C, Hum. 52%, Dewp. 6°C, Bar. 1028.8 hpa, Rain Today 0 mm, Wind 205° 2.0 km/h #Eastbourne #OldTown #IEASTBOU4

Admiring the view enjoying a well deserved beer after a full day working in the garden… 

seen 13 questions why yet? — NO AND PEOPLE KEEP TALKING ABOUT IT BUT I DON'T HAV... 

I just fucking choked two triple colats on vacant. Ima hang myself now.

For Gundlach, These Are The Three Key Charts To Watch  #TheZeroHedge 

Found a Transponder Snail! A behind-the-scenes look at Galley-La Shipyard!  #TreCru 

The Mass Debate Of The Deviants Do Come The deviants are mass debating Broadcast live on TV Calling out and... 

this desire to be considered queer just to not be criticized by the queer community is dangerous. def co-opting and def lacking respect

Is this some damn Star Wars thing or something? I don't get it. Get off my lawn. 

My favorite kind of music, is the kind of music that you imagine playing in your head when you see the love of your life

A boy who's not expressive needs a person who can understand him, no matter how hard to deal with him.

Antonio Biaggi Fucked Bareback 

Mercedes pulls ads from ‘The O’Reilly Factor’ as sexual harassment allegations grow  

About 1 in 5 long term relationships began with one or both partners being involved with someone else.

I'm sorry to say it but Shawn is going to burn himself/voice out this year all for us. He's an angel But he needs to remember his health.

I feel like watching beauty and the beast is like watching Fox and friends, inciting riots and spreading ignorance and hate. #TeamBeast

Using Negativity for a Positive Outcome - Constructive Disobedience  #negativity #disobedience #behaviour

Michael Flynn's Testimony Could Implicate Higher-Ups In Government | Rachel Maddow | MSNBC 

My sister just called and woke me up to some crazy ass tea I'm shook

I want to see kangaroo robonauts. They could leap across planets keeping samples in their pouches... *o* #StargazingABC

Necessary Objects NEW Gray Womens Large L Elastic Waist Pants $78 482 DEAL  

Miracle Anti-Aging Skin Rejuvenation Cream Nets Biggest Deal In Shark Tank History! -  

Can't afford the package alone why not split with your partner <EMOJI>️     #SupportEachOther 

Amazing how a good nights sleep and setting your alarm later than 4 can make you feel!   #earlysaretheworst

They never are 'that kind of player', are they? A stamp is a stamp. Say hello to a well deserved five game ban.… 

For those of you in Madison County, please consider checking this out tomorrow...and every Sunday thereafter! 

This New Alien: Covenant TV Trailer Uses A Famous John Denver Song To Great Effect  

ONLY DEMOSCATS GET IMMUNITY FOR THE ILLEGAL SHIT THEY DO-AND THEY ALWAYS USE THIS EXCUSE-CORRUPT DEMOSCATS HAVE THI… 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Silly Americans playing with poison snakes. When we are Russia, it will not make me feel any better to say, "I tol… 

Cath Kidston bag oilcloth coated light green with flowers and birds  

Goodnight... Our kind of conversation: moody, sweet, love2, happy, anger,.. Basta love kau taka uie.. Ayg pag... 

This one actually claims to be #female. Demonstrably incorrect. #TransAgenda 

#NP Keyshia Cole Feat. French Montana and Remy Ma- "You" on  Like what you hear? Follow us on Twitter!

Found a Transponder Snail! Battle rages in Upper Yard! Shandians vs. "Kami"!  #TreCru 

Pls help!Only $17 left to help my middle schoolers have some healthy snacks  #DoGood #payitforward #giveback #charity

De'Aaron Fox is gonna get passed on becuz of Ball and Fultz, and could end up being as good or better than them imo 

PSA: if you are mad that a girl has "friend-zoned" you, you don't deserve the company of another human being at all.

Happy birthday to my partner in crime Timaraa Rose    You bring so much happiness and love into this world!! We... 

Also yes I do know I can't spell anything. If spelling things right was the only way for me to live I would have been dead along time ago.

i used to have a friend in high school who literally ate NOTHING so i refused to feed her she wouldn't eat pasta or pizza or brown bread

I just finished 13 Reasons Why and want to throw up, that show just fucked me up

im sick too   sick of these hoes   ‍ 

Gave a shout out to #StopAdani at workshop I moderated #Greens2017 on Divestment and Reinvestment. Greens across planet taking action.

5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

breathe me in deep breathe me just for a second I'm that smoke in your lungs yeah I'm sending a signal

Got pulled over this morning but he let me off with a warning because I said I liked his name #HappyWednesday

Religion of "piece" strikes again. 10 dead and that # expected to rise. 10 more sacrificed to "diversity". 

The State of Corporate #DDoS Attacks in 2016 [Infographic] [by kaspersky] #CyberSecurity #CyberAt… 

Hi, Bess; you were named as 1 of the top 10 Orange Mussolini (Trump) trolls, so I have to follow you LOL ;) Get 'em, Bess!

wikipedia-sexy girls fucking 

Wind 0.7 mph E. Barometer 1004.5 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 8.1 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 72%

killerstorm: AFAIU ASIC doesn't care whether ASICBOOST is overt or covert because it gets midstates and doesn't rea 

Birthday weekends are meant for indulging in the things you love. #treatyourself #birthdayweekend 

Find hot Local Girls for Sex in your Area. Just sign up on >  

And all of a sudden, he's grabbed Wade's collar and dragged him until he was pinned against the wall. Someone knows how to fight.

I am amazed and grateful at how much difference an extra three weeks here (so far) has made within me. I would... 

 NEW MUSIC  Just dropped Ladi Dadi for for yall, turn it up if you like to party      

Hear what our Peak Physique Family have to say about their experience and Results! 

also there's an interrupt in the third phase of the fight, so if you're like me and your interrupt is on a 45s CD... get fucked, I guess?

can she fucking leave him alone he did nothing 

Me: I don't think making white Skittle for Pride was the best corporate decision. Trolls: WTF YOU'RE SO RACIST! WHITE POWER, YOU CUCK! 卐卐卐

i just watched from Dusk till Dawn; no i don't want to watch Amy Schumer's dumb ass and i'd prefer it not come up after everything i watch!!

MOM motion poster: Sridevi plays a mother but this is nothing like English Vinglish, watch video... 

You might be puzzled today when you realize that your plans ar... More for Aries 

Troy ave really went on breakfast club an said he finna start being a snitch smh the world we live in naw

Please watch, subscribe, give feedback Thank you so much  

Have you read the society insight on Planes, Trains and Power? Its #intheblog #engineering #technology… 

Intelligence is knowing the right answer. Wisdom is knowing when to say it. - Tim Fargo #quote 

Diplomats Told to ‘Avoid Eye Contact’ With Tillerson  

it's not a competition of who has the worst day or the worst life, everybody has problems and everybody can complain

Good morning MW Fam. .. Bc aq this week kaya pasulpot sulpot lang aq... Take care always guys,,,… 

my mood right now is me waking up in the middle of the night, taking shots, and then going back to sleep

You know the pics.. From being 18 and looking a fucking state, not knowing anything about makeup, 18year olds today and their makeup

This is meant to be a fucking wrestling show. Get these hacks off the damn stage #WrestleMania

There's a good reason your smartwatch doesn't have Android Wear 2.0 yet  

Girlfriend Sucking Cock puis Fucked 

I would really like to help you move your furniture tomorrow, but I’m going to be too busy sitting on mine.

RARE New Lularoe Navy White Horse UNICORN OS Leggings Stallion Arabian VERY HTF  

Heck Yes! Can't think of anybody better than Eva Green to play Morticia Addams. 

Infuse your life with action, Don't wait for it to happen, Make it happen, Make your own future, Make your own... 

Purple bathmat perfect for a little girl's bathroom! #handmade #etsy #shopping #decor 

13 Influential Muslim Women Reflect on #MuslimWomensDay (we’re fangirling so...  by… 

Frank Ocean, Tyler, The Creator, and Jay-Z all on the same track. This is not a drill. 

-up word for signed me up and made me go. Only guess what? I don't even mind going there, hardly. 'Cause I made two bestest friends at-

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

Not sure which ad network to use? Check out our comprehensive list of ad network reviews! 

"Oh, My Love, My Dream, My Prospective Bedfellow" is definitely a Drake song. 

Plan 9 Crunch: All About Cult Films: The Braniac -- Mexican horror kitsch at its best: 

Younis Khan another who can retire proudly and with his head held high. Fantastic record and performed when his countr… 

#CFR Expose' None Dare Call It Conspiracy by Gary Allen  Video  March 30, 2017 at 11:45PM

Hackers responsible for $80m bank heist show ‘no signs of stopping’ >>  |

  5 Mindsets That Can Kill Your Best Ideas >  < #entrepreneur #business #careeradvice #careertips RT 

New post (Codecanyon | Campusly - Go to the events you love with your ...) has been published on -… 

White House sometimes seems unconcerned/in denial about political dynamics and then stung and seemingly surprised by them.

"OK, for the next shot I'm going to sort of square for a bunt left-handed with my helmet on my knee." "What the fuc… 

I gave myself a trim this morning and I fucked up so I'm wearing a bandana  

Hate when girls say they ain't got no hoes 

I love the movie Forrest Gump! "Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what your gonna get." 

Ryan:Why do you think Democrats,Independents and many Republicans do NOT want your "wealthcare" plan for your greedy… 

If anyone's selling or knows anyone selling 2 saturday longitude tickets pleaseeee get onto me #ticketfairy

(3) OVAL Antique Vintage Brass Door Knobs Barn Find  

General Manager Chris Rabang, of the new Westin Nanea Resort, enjoys a game of corn hole toss in the executive offi… 

You know you go to a chavvy school when the fucking tea bags have been chored from the maths office,liberty <EMOJI>️

I posted another naked photo. ! Push,don't be shy  

"I traded a draft pick for some McDonald's fries. Not the cheap ass 99 cent ones but the $1.89 ones"

Cum for me baby, cum in my mouth, I want to taste you ! >>  

Why is Friday so close to monday but Monday so far ... — because friday le gusta cagar el pedo 

Nig soups can make u eat above normal guage, like d EGUSI soup I just had now. Dats y wen a man marries a Nig girl, he gets pregnant b4 her.

#Fuhrman came close to turning this seat blue last time. The 27th is winnable for a Democrat. #LetsGetIt… 

Nooooooo not that fucking evil icecream maker #MKR

4. It is indeed wonderful that our innovation is worthy of a topnotch! From the packaging all to the Yummy nutritious quality contents ...

Early beneficiaries to include ICIJ, ADL and Latin American Alliance for Civic Technology 

How to Care for Your Clothes to Make Them Last Longer (9 photos): Saying goodbye to a favorite dre.. #decorating 

1.8s do not get it like that sir, 2.3 is the cut off for division one, 2.0 being he cut for division 2, so this log… 

#Job #Opportunity for Scrum Master (17-01065) - MD - Hunt Valle  More here: 

Advertisers abandon Fox News’ ‘O’Reilly Factor’ amid sexual harassment allegations  via… 

... was a little bit taller, I wish I was baller, I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her   

#Kant Sleep and Chaotix #Vacio - Kant Sleep Melodic Mix / playlist #chillone #chill listen to CHILL ONE radio live : 

THIS IS SSO FUCKING LRETTY ILYSM 

It's hard to sit still and do nothing today, making it extreme... More for Gemini 

DUBLIN: Breakdown on the M50 northbound off ramp at J11 Tallaght. Take care on approach. 

Beauty and the Beast was so true to the original that I cried 200% of the time because childhood   SO GOOD!!!

she called to tell me she got the house which i did not answer. don't ever call me unless i love you lol

Call Of Duty: Activision Is Aiming For Marvel Levels  

Do you ever just want to be held so fucking tight by someone who actually thinks you're worth something?  

Attention: The TEDxGeorgeMasonU Scholarship event scheduled for this Sunday has been canceled because of a change in date.

TWO THINGS THAT ARE STUPID: 1. Having onion rings for breakfast 2. Replying to emails for reals in my sleep what the actual hell?!

#trance #trancefamily RT asot: It's time for some of the best trance classics and future hits! To be found in the Tr… 

These girls...endlessly silly but hard workers!  my #dance students (while working on their #flexibility  )… 

And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love. 1 Corinthians 13:13…… 

My I should give myself compliments cause I curled the shit out of my own hair tf she just installed it in    ‍

A part of me died when he did that celebration, cunt wrote in my bday card at a game a few months b4 he left, still… 

It's a fucked up world..... #onlyvinylisreal #depechemode #arrogantbastardale  

stallion anal fucking redheads 

It gains us nothing to indulge in comforting fantasies. Trump is not going to be removed before 2020. Stop fantasizing. Start organizing.

David Moyes says Sunderland deserved at least a point against Watford  #happeningnow

I won at Moscow stage with 176 points! Challenge me now![ #Bowling_King 

This pic makes my day. My month even. Note the plate of unspilled food lol. When inspiration hits, ya just do it.… 

The Lord is my rock, and my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my strength, in whom I will trust; my buckl…… 

I just love it when I'm trying to do homework and SOMEONE blocked a picture of a cartoon horse 

so skrillex gets all of his songs mixed for over $1000 each. i charge a fraction of that. y'all cannot complain lmfao.

Patricio Echagüe what an amazing meeting to see what the team is building at mayfield #robotics. He or she is... 

Brazil's coach is a fucking twat didn't even call Andreas up ffs 

MH 01 CH 5498 this cab has over fast running meter... Travelling everyday morning from Marine Drive Flyover to Nature (1/3)

Brunette Lexy Little has lesbian sex experience of her lifetime with Lioness 

Damn that's some evil stuff to wish upon a person.. 

Me: I'm don't like 8am classes, I'm not gonna take them again Also me: takes an 8am class

Free eats on top of 25 but people jammed standing downstairs so we can't get on. But why would you move to make space as long as you're o.k.

Mega Yes rally in Istanbul ahead of April 16 referendum  

Me: why do I bother putting on makeup for work it's not like I have anyone to impress Also me: NO YOU DO MAKEUP FOR YOURSELF NOT ANYONE ELSE

Just bought my 1st bottle of vodka in over 10yrs bc strss and depression + alcoholic = caving sobriety.

Gang Members Leak Shameless Pictures Of The Police Officer Who Arrested Their Leader 

holy orders -the 23rd templar knight and the secret society of jesus christ "the end is nigh" 2039 -S.C a revalation death of the earth

THE NEW YORK TIMES: The clouds rolled in on Wednesday. But for Delta passengers, the delays continued through Frid… 

Maaaan if this ain't each and everyone of yah dirty bitches 

 Oya Download #MUSIC: "Exalt The King" by Atonye Douglas #ExaltTheKingByAtonyeDouglas  

I want #itgetsworseSHOW because it will show the ugly and beautiful sides of life that are actually real  

it just fucking hit me again that my granddad has cancer and now i can't move. what do now

Your life is a study of extremes today. On one hand, you're in... More for Virgo 

We recommend to try Gyoza in Japan.  #explore_best #japan 

The sushi place gave me two sets of chopsticks...little do they know all the sushi I ordered is only for me 

UP THE BLUES! I am supporting Manchester City when they take on Arsenal - LIVE on SuperSport. #PL #SSFootball 

 Don't REUSE them, RECYCLE them! #BeTheChange #plastic #sayNoToPlastic #waterBottles

Just discovered Virginia Jackson's "The poet as Poetess" in Cambridge Companion to c19 American Poetry (2011) and YES 10/10 so helpful

Ep. 133 – Building Robot Vacuum Cleaners: An Intro to Embedded Systems ... #makerspace #stem #APIResearch 

None of the steps made by West to civilize Russia worked so far.Time for Iron Curtain again.Keep it up until they s… 

1980s Celebrities Portraits by Harry Langdon (18 photos)  

Today has been one bad ass day let me say is it beer thirty yet     

This is fucking disgusting. 

In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace; Eph 1:7

it's hard being the reserved, quiet-type in the family. It's hard being misunderstood all over again

Children need equality and all the love in the world.Politicians who deliver inequality and neglect to children forfeit… 

A different way to improve your English: Read/Write Poetry  

Centre works progressing well in advance of the traffic flow changes this Sunday. 

i have a job lined up, a place to stay and money for plane tickets to england. now i just need a pair of fucking balls.

This uniform can come off and y'all can get fucked up.

2004-05 UD Lebron James Sp Game Used Jersey Auto 4/100 Autograph Cavs  

"Mass affluent Kiwis increasingly attractive to banks"  

Does it mean that VK is wholeheartedly pro JK now? I am so confused with these guys who had strong view against JK. 

Use of time-series L-band UAVSAR data for the classification of agricultural fields in the San Joaquin Valle #water None

|| I hate people who hate on autism though. It royally pisses me off. || 

Morning #pnefc fans, we've had some dark days so lets just smile at what our lads are doing right now. To even be c… 

Attorneys for paving crew tell Dunwoody they WON'T fix Mt Vernon Rd potholes since moron city official insisted doing the job the wrong way

The Hotdog Prince: ch.3 at MangaZoo #App #Manga #MangaCommunity  

You all have that thing where someone you follow is a rabid climate change opponent, so you look at even their norm… 

Silver Taps will take place at 10:30 PM in Academic Plaza. Remember to write letters to the families of the fallen.… 

Today in the gym I saw a man in a wheelchair and a man who looked like he's been here since the college opened in 1903. What's your excuse?

Exhibition opportunity for Artists in Art Fair, Art Museum, Gallery with one of the most popular galleries in Europe 

How does the OneChicago timeline work, exactly? Because hockey, football and baseball season would only overlap in Oc… 

There's a difference between you I, I don't and need to make a profile to shame/hate on someone and also I can defen… 

all my life I been fucked ov, I pray ion have to deal with this nomore  

5 Ways to Make Your Workout Harder And More Effective  

Your to-do list is extensive today as you optimistically attem... More for Scorpio 

What a dilapidated dingbat moron you are! You've had your run, time to shut the hell up, Were sick to death of… 

Dodgers-Angels Freeway Series Starts In Anaheim Tonight  

You're tired of being the responsible one, especially if you m... More for Scorpio 

Forget about #DonaldTrump and watch this new #movie:  

Looks like Embassy Cat – and Julian Assange – are staying in the Ecuadorian Embassy - Time Out London (blog)… 

#SportingKC #SKC #KCCauldron #mls Loan Update: Goalkeeper Adrian Zendejas recalled by Sporting KC 

Just keep moving forward and don’t give a shit about what anybody thinks-Johnny Depp   #quotes

one thing I would add is that literally every character in Andromeda says exactly what's on their mind at all times. not limited to romance

I've just watched episode S04E04 of Prison Break! #PrisonBreak  

school's not even over yet and all the fucking sweats are trying on tdm

IAH - Domestico to International flight - I forgot to say, both flights are with United. 

#NowPlaying Bad Bitch (feat. Ty Dolla $ign) by Bebe Rexha ♫ 

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

Don't even align idiot trump with the Italians. Even though it's thru The mafioso. trump is NOT close to an Italian… 

HURRY! Make sure you grab your tickets whilst they're still reduced! Price goes up in a few days -… 

I swear I've seen some weird shit on Twitter. now people don't cook their Goya beans? they just microwave 'em to eat 'em? Disgusting.

When you have already binge watched said season twice, and have already started asking when next season comes out. 

Theresa May must damn Saudi Arabia's injustices to women - just visiting isn't enough - Telegraph…  News UK Nation

Spent 10 mins trying to get the rabbits into their hutch and in the end they only went in for food   so like me

All you evil orange shoe shit supporters, you're killing your kids and your grandkids. And my kids and my grandkids… 

SENIORS WHO WENT TO 10TH STREET: if you have any ideas for 10th street shirts please let me, Tara, Jordan M , or Emily B know by 3 tmr

If you are at #HoustonPress #MenuofMenus event, come check us out and try something #yummy 

My hair must always be laid though. I'll leave my house without make up before I leave with my hair looking tore.

Casemiro has been poor lately. If you only want to tackle. Thank you very much we can have Llorente inplace of you.

Just finished 13 reasons why nd it made me realize how much I fucking hate humans

get you a nigga who's gona gas you the fuck up even on ya worst days

DOWNLOAD LAGU MP3 Megan Lee Vine Compilation 2015 Part 1: megan lee vine compilation 2015… 

mojo has a fucking zubaz suit, legend 

Niggas bout to die a virgin fucking with Donald trump 

Fuck god FUCK APRIL FOOLS STOP GOD DAMN IT THIS IS THE WORST DAY

A lot of where political pundits fail is how they put everything happening now into a frame of reference of past/existing labels or events

Harry Styles, Joey Bada$$, The Chainsmokers and More Are Spotify Editors' Picks 

“We’re not customers,” pointed out Colbert. “We’re citizens, which means we own the store. You work for us, buddy." 

Close enough to see the pollen that my allergies want to act up  . But I love this tulip shot for its Spring and Eas…… 

What a great game! I don't watch much basketball anymore but March Madness is always a great time to get back in... 

like,,,celebrate ur anniversary man is that not what is more important idk it's just so petty

She's crying inside I can only watch as her teardrops eat her heart He protect his pride I see him tearing everyone apart Hurtful and Hateful

#Grim Hell Bound ▲ Daemon Grim – where Gothic chic meets joie de la mort  

I have 55 new followers from USA, Brazil, and more last week. See  

"We cannot do this work without recognizing ways we may be complicit in continued colonialism." Hannah Davidson #CLPP2017

They will act religious, but they will reject the power that could make them godly. Stay away from people like that! 2 Timothy 3:5

A quarter of the US is without broadband and no master plan exists to bring broadband to every home: 

#petitie teens nude ugly girl offered for fuck video 

#rookie 2016 Bowman Chrome Draft Drew Harrington rookie Sky Blue ref Braves RC  #collect 

#GenerationsTheLegacy "Nanku lomfana ufunwa ngamapolisa" Why are you telling him Getty? Jeez this guy will run awayandFana is innocent plzzz

(An American Girl) McKenna Shoots For The Stars, 2012, Widescreen, Not Rated, Ia  

I work at an HOA mgmt company and deal with angry homeowners all day. These shows are my escape so it's a bummer to see these people angry too

#hinfluencercollective meet on Thursday. Good turn out, but it's always good to get away from the crowd sometimes …… 

One for the developmental psychologists, from a copy of Private Eye I found on the train 

When You Have A Target/ Ambition/ Goal, The Only Person/ Thing That Can Stop You Is You. #tunechilyon #lyooquote

Melanie, who just started watching wrestling a few months ago: "I wish the announcers would just shut up sometimes."

EEEEEKKKKKKK I JUST FUCKING YELPED 

89% of businesses with #agilefinance leaders report positive revenue growth. Download the research here:… 

#astronomy Is dark matter hiding a mirror world? | ... -  #RT #Retweet 

#NowPlaying Sonny Boy (John Lee) Williamson - Good Morning (Little) School Girl 

"If you dont fuck with me you're a stupid dumb idiot."

just caught myself strutting thru the btv airport at 5am in heels and a furry jacket clutching a large black americano with MY PINKY up

For fucks sake... Dismay over Liam Fox's claim of 'shared values' with Duterte's brutal regime 

this is the worst shit ever . 

No because I ruin every fucking thing 

#BBNaija: Karen, winner of BBA 2011 marks birthday with housemates  

McCain to Hillary: "Since everyone seems to be getting hacked/leaked these days.. You don't have anything on me.. d… 

#Justice4CCE13 Still we believe in the judicial system of Pakistan Save merit save Sindh.Collective punishment will make terrorists

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

WHY IS MY FUCKING WINDSCREEN FUCKING FROZEN?! IT'S FUCKING APRIL YOU CUNT!!

#cnnireport #HRW Hi, on 6-7 Feb 17, The independent UK published my legal #complaint  

Why is this govt so fucked up? Nothing gets done the way it should ? 

I love #TheRepairShop on bbc2 me and wife bing watch on demand would love if they do a comparison photo when they finish

DYK – Estate Planning is for everyone 18+? Learn more at our upcoming seminar on Wednesday, April 19. More info >… 

Your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today, bringi... More for Virgo 

This Throwback Video Of Vinod Khanna Singing Live With Rekha Is A Must Watch!  

International #landmine Day Awareness April 4 - 2017: Dummy minefields Federal Square #Bern, Maison de la Paix… 

Be Walking Around Hea Wit Chlamydia Nshit But Worried About What Somebody Else Got Going BYE HOE   

i thought this was a subtle reference to a previous CT tweet where they did this with a woman but now realized it c… 

(13) LOT 40 XBox 360 game manuals. Brand new, perfect condition!  

Vote YES for Gorsuch! Presidents Clinton’s and Obama’s first two nominees were each confirmed without needing 60 votes.

Trump Keeps Another Promises; Ends Support for UN Fund Tied To Promoting Abortions  

bed Studio flat, Rightmove, Echo Central 1, Leeds, West Yorkshire, LS9, £72,500 

The easiest way to gain attention is through offence. However, it requires a proper followup. If not, prepare to suffer for your infamy.

Through regular meditation one can achieve the heights that he can watch God's divine visions directly or indirectly #SpiritualSunday

Come today evening , drop a thought , start a conversation and vibe with the positive within. You can help yourself… 

You're feeling a sense of professional pride today, stemming f... More for Scorpio 

Legally get 40+ Premium #seo #seotools #seosoftware to grow ur business  

Related: my nephew was forever getting detention for stupid shit like not having the right shoes COS HIS DAD WOULDN… 

I don't believe I need to live a mundane and miserable life because "that's the way it is" and that's what people have done for decades

Crap polls and this latest news clearly signals desperate times. The BS we have to put up with by this govt just neve… 

If in pain ONLY JESUS HELPS U C MATT 25:18 THE WHOLE CHAP JOHN 15 and GIVE MUCH FRUIT SHARING JESUS 2 EVERYONE U C!!! 

KnightMayor: This week's The Rise of Mooncrest blog is on the continuing demo beta testing 

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

#WW3 #WWIII - Trump's fucking idiot underlings at my door: You've been drafted Beaner - Me: Word Nigga! let me ta… 

Former lecturer Arthur Hoyle found guilty of raping student, indecent acts on others  

They don't know history, they don't know how things work, and hell, they don't even know what words mean!

he told me to start studying german in the summer, reassuring me that its not too hard and that it's similar to arabic

Whoever runs Wendy's Twitter account is fucking savage. 

SHADES OF SUMMER | A VIVACIOUS SOCIAL MIXER Showcasing Men's, Women's, and Children's Summer… 

Wake up with the elephants | Life-changing volunteer stories | Video diary | Mixing work and play - 

What word describes your day? — well everyday is something like yesterday I feel kinda meh and today I feel little… 

I never thought I'd say this, but… Good job #TheresaMay; this was the right choice. #women 

I wonder if he hates U.S. enough to starve to death. Let's put a watch on the poor fella to make sure he doesn't ge… 

Found plans for redevelopment of St Mary's Hospital site in #Bristol. Many happy school hols spent irritating nuns there,stealing biscuits

i just fucking sneezed while brushing my teeth and now there's toothpaste everywhere

Traveling is great and all but the level of anxiety I get from leaving my pup is unreal   #missmyboy (even if he did eat my glasses)

And whoever thinks otherwise probably is too   ‍ Ima girl and I see the shit 

5 Brands I'm Proud to Represent + A Giveaway! - KookyRunner  

I can't believe that in less then 24 hours we're going to hear harry for 2 hours and finally hear his music !!!!!!!

#fragrance #beauty #fashion Friday scent of the day 4/22  

You hope to retreat to your office and work in relative silenc... More for Aquarius 

10 mins to go until our live Twitter QandA, there's still time to send in a question #AskBrettScrabble   

Time to do a bit of work in the  Glorious! #amwriting #Norfolk #countryfile #lovinglife 

I just posted "Spijt" for my story "Steady love ft Vinchenzo".  

This is my final #whinnycityponycon post. The #hyattregency was the nicest CONVENTION hotel so… 

super looking forward to more #linktothepast tonight on my trusty #snes going live 630pm CST. #retro #zelda... 

Working on a projectandhave a ques in what situations would you identify most w/ race...culture... or gender? Which you indentify the most w/

Just seen that Steve McNamara is in the Warriors coaching staff. That fucking explains the lot.

☊Oh great. The person who took twelve minutes in the restaurant bathroom was a sweaty chef who clearly just took a shit.

niggas always tryna hate on music I like on twitter. y'all niggas got some retarded ears.

IRS and FSA: financial aid tool will remain offline until extra security precautions are added … 

61' Another goes begging, West tries to do the unselfish thing and set up Ricketts but pass is intercepted

 up:410, down:8 (unofficial) 2017-04-02 05:00:03 UTC #bluemix [hyperprocessor, virtualmachines, webidentity, mysql [100], Raleigh_POD1_Ora

Considering Ginsburg will be replaced soon, do the dems really want republicans to go nuclear? Pick you battles wisely. #confirmgorsuch

EVERYBODY complains about my fucking attitude from my mom to mfs a barely know that shit is irritating asf

Ascension Symptoms are typically symptoms that happen as our kundalini rises. Ascension Symptoms and Finding Balance 

I like the concept of what I see or feel in movies, videos, music, sometimes real life examples as well.

tomorrow I will running around like a chicken with my mothafuckin head cut off.  

Hoes   Flexin, Get A LIL   and MakeUp and Now She  , But If I Come SLAP Da Fuckery Off Ya Face and STRIP Yo Ass, Wat U Gone Be ? A Ugly Broke Hoe

Trump, Patriots win SB, UNC win natl title... 2017 shaping up to be just as bad as 2016. Only thing keeping shit afloat is that Clemson win

sheen you stupid fuck since when do grade schoolers use virtual reality to do math problems 

Since I wasn't abke to watxh Power Rangers... eto na lang...   #KrispyKreme 

On blood I hate when somebody fuck the rotation up    

If you fail trying to make something succeed. don't give up but the key is to change how you do it, adapt it, try... 

Me: Men should have no bearing on women's aesthetics, as their preferences are inherently patriarchal, one way or... 

Now it's our time to go out (My best friend), And set the world's people free. And we can do it together, you and me... But mostly me!

Interruption of water supply to Mhluzi is due to a pipe burst at corner of Xulu and Ellen Nhlapo street. Estim... 

Find sexy local girls looking to get fucked tonight. Sign up for free >  

Damn ass family coming over cutting into my persona time reeeeeeeeeee

Ain't tryin be no fan boy but AYYY fuck I'm shocked asf 

#NamiKim is an amazing woman and animal Rescuer from #SouthKorea ~ we need more people like her. #Hero #HelpNamiKim 

Second half begins between Louth and Sligo with a score of Louth 1-6 : 0-5 Sligo 

Farrah Abraham’s Daughter Is One Step Closer To Winning An Oscar  

mother fucking camper infomercial video 

✯☾ BETSEY JOHNSON Bag WALLET SET White QUILTED ROSE Faux Leather Pink BOWS  

When it says 9 but it's really a 10, just listed, Balmorals best #raywhitebulimba #selling… 

Trumpies, if you don't believe impartiality of US media, how about believing a conservative British publication? 

Please check my last RT's. Pedophilia is slowly being legalised along with other monstrosities while they distract you with 'terrosim'

i skyped David last night and it made me realize how much a week can change a person (and how terrible teenage boys are)

More than 100 killed as mudslides devastate Mocoa - Scores killed and many more missing after torrential rains ... 

pls dont let poland qualify with a boring ass ballad like they did in 2015

 #Shoes NIB MENS SIZE 10 JORDAN 6 RETRO ALTERNATE HARE SNEAKERS WHITE 384664-113

Dumbbell goblet squats are a great variation that allows for a deeper ROM and a new challenge. 

it's #Nationalbeerday and im fucking stranded at home. THIS IS LITERALLY MY LIVELIHOOD AND I AM STRANDED

You can't manage everything around you; trying alone easily overwhelms a person. Have faith in others to help you.

Fox Contributor Julie Roginsky Alleges Sexual Harassment in New Lawsuit  Shouldn't surprise anyone! #Trump2016 #MAGA

Forget unfollowers, I believe in growing. 8 new followers in the last day! Stats via 

if i wore this outfit earlier this week with a different hair color than i can wear it again a few days later

That feel when you don't back up your phone and all your contacts are gone. Y'all wanna give me your numbers back?

Your to-do list is extensive today as you optimistically attem... More for Scorpio 

mybargain 26 and counting: Pench tigress gives birth to seventh litter  #happybargaining 

Clarity is the touchscreen smart speaker w/ Alexa integration and Android OS. Check out  #GetClarity

Don't make up excuses for why I'm wrong, and they're right. You don't respect your children's privacy. They won't respect you later in life.

Work has been slow this week and I've finished a majority of the backend tasks that I let pile up the last few months. More art time for me!

As if #KaliefBrowder story couldn't give me more of a headache, now there's a deadbeat dad in the mix. Sheesh.

See just how bad China's problem with pollution has become. You will be shocked... 

My Twitter is worth $390.60!. Get your Twitter Value FREE at  #free #tools #freefollowers

why are lesbians almost always ugly 

Austria became one of the first in the world to block a new infrastructure project on the basis of climate change. 

Crown Heights Residents Sound Off on Proposed Transitional Shelter at Heated Town Hall Meeting… 

How can you sit there and be racist towards black ppl but then use their vernacular, listen to their music, etc? Fucking disgusting.

Number crunching for the past day - 2 new followers and NO unfollowers. Stats via 

Essay begins: "Across the world we see or hear of women aborting." This is going to be interesting.

dressed up and getting fucked 

Congratulations to #NAIT's Katelyn Bellerose and Mikiko Morris for winning #ACMDTT Student Research Award 

Join the J. Crew team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Retail #KingofPrussia, PA #Hiring

Hi #Ottawa! It's #worldhealthday and we have your meals covered with #healthy options like fresh fish and certified org… 

Black Lives Matter promotes police reform and challenges inequality but are called terrorists and thugs by the media.

#BsharUsingChemicalWeapons Bashar is protected by the Security Council from punishment and accountability

there was some fucking tea spilled at work today i thought two girls were gonna fight

Healing Into Life and Death Levine, Stephen Paperback  

"13 reasons why" ending just fucked my world, wtf.

I am a BAD expat. I've just bought all of the remaining pots of hummus in my Dordogne supermarket. #France #sorrynotsorry

Like I don't know if I can be away from my little family for four months while I'm at police training  

Pakistani band’s plan of a four-city tour to India got cancelled  

Affi big up glenmuir they are trying  Nuff Respect to all the schools WOOOW can't wait to see these youth repres… 

This is so true from the eyes des étrangers. This video can now explain my weird face whenever i see a cheese... 

deadass who tryna hold me while i cry my fucking eyes out

tired of young girl's attitude??visit  to meet and fuck horny milfs in your area. View the… 

Shut the fucking front door 

1. its 2017 why are you still watching cringe complications 2. deeming other people's art as cringy is really offensive???? why???

got my dress now..just gotta worry about everything else now..hair,makeup,nails,heels,etc 

"it was at this moment that danyul knew, he fucked up." 

Don't ever settle for less than you deserve. #quote #tweetjukebox  

Qs reflect many grappling with understanding the impact of ADF. Co. is reviewing 2 studies presented earlier, but data is new. Not much good

Nobody needs anyone to tell them shit especially when you not practicing what you preach. Let's pipe down the fake shit.

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

PITCH HILL: INTRODUCE LA {POWERPOINT} - PRACTICE MI SOL LA - TeachersPayTeache...  

Ima beat my lil cousin ass bruh dude fucked up all the inside of my shoe      

tyler didn't graduate or have a GED when we got together not he's got it and talking about going to college. i'm a v proud fiancé  

I wish I was an ear. They literally need to eat and be fat to survive. That sounds like the life for me

Join the McDonald's Corporation team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Hospitality #Frankfort, IN #Hiring

#trinitycomunica #Ciencia_y_Tecnología Llega The Fall of the Dark Brotherhood a The Elder…  

Sleeping on Joshs side of the bed tonight.. kinda tricks me into thinking he's next to me bc it smells like him  

#bbw pussy lips kingfisher models fucking 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Make sure you say. SubhanAllah. Alhamdulillah. Allahu Akbar. RETWEET! It will help you ONE DAY. #غردلي 

Susan Rice is most certainly in SERIOUS trouble. The MSM can ignore it but that doesn't mean the story is not there. #OreillyFactor

Wow....you're a horrible fucking friend. 

"This one's going to come down to who wants it more" me: "Yeah, on OPPOSITE DAY" *high fives stranger* *fouls them I guess* #UNCvsGonzaga

worst fucking few days, if anyone's wondering where i am ive lost my phone, my possessions, and my mind

Do everything for a broad and she'll still act like she don't need you.....keep yo money in yo pockets my nigga if she ain't grateful

2005 2006 Nissan Altima Automatic Floor Gear Shifter Assembly OEM  

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

#InTheNews - Luke Shaw: Manchester United defender has 'no excuse' for lacking commitment 

Judges’ appointment: A2J accuses Lagos of breaching NJC guidelines  #mustread #feedly

The big story about Kendall Jenner is coporate commercial makers are often terrible social commentators and we already knew that

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

watch daughter get fucked stories 

Fort Worth TX USA - Chiropractic Assistant - #Job Description Friendly people person...  #CAREER #WORK #CHIROPRACTOR

Right. Now Senate members are lamenting loss of hallowed filibuster tradition b/c McConnell refuses to work w Dems… 

Roger Federer defiant in defeat despite Novak Djokovic's dominance Down Under ##RogerFederer 

Opioids Aren’t the Problem and Chris Christie Isn’t the Solution  

#NBA Wire: Masters 2017: Charley Hoffman stuns with four straight birdies in tremendous…  

How Much You’re Really Paying in Property Taxes more:  #LopezTaxes 

They must be getting closer and closer to the jackbooted jerks. Day 71: Made you Flynn-ch  

Latina Masturbating And Titty Fucking A Dildo 

Majority of #Europeans agree with #Trump’s executive order temporarily banning immigrants from 7 countries 

23:51 Temp. 21.3°C, Hum. 82%, Dewp. 17.3°C, Bar. 1013.8 hpa, Rain Today 0.7070 mm, Wind 157° 0.8 m/s

I was trying to remember Shea Wigham's name and my stupid brain was like 'Shailene Woodley. it's Shailene Woodley I'm fuckin telling you"

Springtime in beautiful Plymouth, MA  for the best vintage cameras on the net… 

Man, that was a long time to wait for a Nationals loss. Anyway, today’s Need to Know is up on Real #Redskins 

Women's March Organizers To White Women: 'Don't Leave Us': NEW YORK ― Addressing the audience at Tina Brown’s…… 

THE 1st BIG SALSA SUMMER DANCE OF THE YEAR 2 TIME GRAMMY WINNER EDDIE MONTALVO and TIPICA NOVEL AWARD WINING DJ... 

The boys are back in town! The boys are back in town! The boys are back in town! THE BOYS are back in town!

I Wanna Unfriend This Ugly Ass Bitch So Bad , But She My Cousin  

Now their talking about how fucked up it is they could bring the weed but not their coconut oil omg

smh u fucked up. a substitute for cocaine would be baby powder 

WV just give me bad vibes period I think that's why I stay mugging you nut ass mfs now

#kaabil #Adhm #Shivaay Maatr Trailer: Must Watch This Hard-Hitting Trailer Starring Raveena Tandon… 

 Thanks very much for the follow :) appreciate it :) check out my new web site : 

Nah, April Fools. We don't want that nasty shit   

Can't believe I actually have to root for Chelsea the rest of the season just so that the unthinkable won't happen

videos of under age girls fucking 

New construction updates for Segments 1, 4, and 6 have been posted at  Remember to share the… 

AND NOW THE KIDS ARE AWAKE. FUCKING WINDOWS UPDATES.

In a Persona mood. If the games didn't take three hours to get going I'd start up one and play now. 

the birth control really does make you un-horny, I've been off it for like two days and I'm insane again

 Prong Set Blue Sapphire Gemstone Pave Diamond Party Wear Ring Supplier 

Very poor, coutinho shouldn't have left that match so early,and Sturridge should have come in for firmino 

Concrete Garages Direct can provide a range of concrete buildings including all groundwork solutions.... 

I am someone who sees a photograph as a sentence. - Interview with Bisi Alawode (part one) 

#National Weather Service, Has Issued An River Flood Warning For Chicago. In Effect Until 9:34 PM (CST) Friday

Enough with the friggin' Foo Fighters, is this the only band on the planet... Damn 

i fucking hate chicken nuggets, especially the ones from mcdonalds they're NASTY AF

 "All we say to America is be true to what you said on paper." #DrKing #MLKJr #April4

Why I always got to put on a fake smile just to make everyone else happy but when is comes on me its all hatred and negative - its not fair  

[831m/ehrr] I LOVE YOU SO MUCH FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THE WORLD IS FULL OF LOVE…—I FUCKED UP IN MY PHONE WHO'S REALLY THE UNTRUSTWORTHY ONE—…

Don't start your day with the broken pieces of yesterday. Every morning we wake up is the first day of the rest of our life

> someone used the excuse of sharing sexual headcanons to convince me that sexting them and sending them pictures of myself was "body >

You can't be mad or feel no type if a person acts different towards you or just stop fucking with you if you're the reason behind it.  

Twink on Twink Ass Fucking with Cumshots 

Cant believe people man... some people Are fucking sick

Does the media need to do more digging on criminal justice reporting? This article certainly suggests so. 

Can A Negative Emotion Create Positive Human Connections? We Asked The Founder Of The New  ->

Now on Britains pressing issues: can occasion cards be too offensive? Find out after we bubble wrap this child.

Look guys this test can legit decide if i keep my job or no so im really fucking scared

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

GOORETO GOM KON don't come for my country when without MINE, YOURS would still be a fucking dump, you should thank… 

If people could see the face I make when I read their facebook status updates, they would probably unfriend me.

Jeffrey Dean Morgan analyzes Negan's 'Walking Dead' debut #JeffreyDeanMorgan #TheWalkingDeadseason6episode16… 

i fucking h8 when this happens bro 

Robert L. Fried: What now? Let's face health care reform together - Concord Monitor  

#Deepstate technocracy must go with the dinosaurs. Increasingly, there is becoming no alternative to truly open government. #NaturalLaw

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

BRPD officer seriously injured in crash remains in ICU weeks later  

Little Castle Ottoman Gliding Plush, Chocolate (FOR PARTS and MISSING HARDWARE)  

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Associate Research Engineer -  #internship #CornellàdeLlobregat #Hiring

Thirdly, every trading account has what we call investor login details, where you can have a look at everything done by the trader.....

Seniors will definitely be missed but tons of ambition and potential in this group! #GoChaps 

I know Keds Janice is somewhere sitting hiding somewhere with her witness protection wig on after that Pepsi flop. She thought

Traditional Marketing methods have been used to enhance Digital presence and vice versa. What Say ? #Marketing #DigitalMarketing

You don't want to take anyone's word for anything today. You m... More for Aries 

"If you want toibe a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and w:ite a lot." Stephen King

Russell Westbrook will officially be the 2nd player to average a triple-double for the entire season. He has to be the MVP. #NBA

Teen promposes to Emma Stone by epically recreating 'La La Land' opening number 

LGA responds to BMJ report about public health budgets  

04-03 Juno hosts Arden, Montgomery pay tribute to host city Calgary, share memories #JunoAwards 

Few holes in the sim oceanview south Carolina before brass band concert. Joss's winning     

A challenging day at #TMC2017 with a multitude of crashes derailing our chances of a result. Report    … 

That wasn't bad for what it was, but it means one more year of Lesnar spot appearances before he headlines vs. Reigns. #WrestleMania

Swarovski Crystal Heart Earrings - Valentines Earrings - Altern…  #etsymntt #ValentineJewelry 

N Encinitas Coast: Larvitar  62.2% (3/12/13 - Bite/Ancient Power - s:normal) til 14:07:49(29m 47s). 

I got Prismacolor's yesterday, I should put them to good use. *Draws pink guy and green cunt having violent, animalistic butt sex*

horny brunette girlfriend fucked 

this bitch really fucked up my eyebrows.... im mad

Participating in a group, whether with friends or family, is a... More for Pisces 

Come meet St. John the Evangelist Preschool at Babies and Bumps 2017! An educational ministry of St. John the... 

Yep, it's not new news, butbim glad that she's finally been able to get away. That nigga just looks crazy. 

Me and my store manager went to Panera this morning and forgot it was free breakfast day at Chick-fil-A and pretty sure she wanted to cry lol

nails done , hair done im feeling like a bad bitch     

WALES ONLINE: Paul Clement warns his Swansea City side they are heading for the Championship if they do not…… 

‘Only in exceptional cases’: Europe lights up no landmarks for victims of St. Petersburg bombing 

Coming Soon Jack soon realizes his new treasure is evil. Can he escape it's deadly powers? ? 

the cutesy jimin's birthday celebration (lol and yoonmin right there  okay yoongi we know you got him a rly good gi… 

#LetMeCheerYouUpBy wishing #God's blessings upon your life. He loves you and He will always be there for you.

Trivia Question! What was the name of the southern senator/congressperson who threatened Bill Clinton's life?

I'm having THE WORST day fuck I knew nothing in any of those classes  

This is the worst emergency room I have ever been to I just want to get the hell out of here

i'm not even kidding at the beginning of every season of rprd i choose my favorite and that's the one who ends up winning it's a gift

Appeals court reverses evidence suppression ruling in case of husband accused of murdering wife , 

The excellently named JD Hammer is on to pitch for Asheville after their starter lasted 2/3 of an inning and gave up six runs.

Losing body fat is easy: keeping it off is the hard part and where most people fail. Don't be one of them 

Ruling alliance MPs try to assault a Minister in their own Govt. Has this ever happenned in Parliament earlier?

stop worrying about people's shiba obsessions and start worrying about ur fucking act score

Time after time again I done fucked up but time after time again I done learnt from them fuck ups!  Every Lesson Is A Blessing!     #BLESSED

Tiffany and Co Solid 925 Sterling Silver Venetian Box Heavy Chain Necklace  

SION IN SPECS I FUCKING AGREE 

"I'm overboard and I need your love. Pull me up, I can't swim on my own, it's too much" - Justin Bieber.

The house I'm watching my cousins animals at has Netflix and I'm debating if I should watch Train to Busan or not like is it good??

GLOBALERPE: #GTL So there’s this girl who makes my stomach fly with just her smile. The way she says my name makes my heart drop to the flo…

Gals fucked one by one  

Pay Attention to Your Own Guidance System - Lisa Giles, CEO and president of Giles and Associates Consultancy, ad... 

Get 3000 #soundcloud followers,10,000 plays to 5 songs,100 repost 50 likes to your 5 tracks and 30 comments #202

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

Virtual Reality Sex Dolls Can Be Programmed. Is The End Of Prostitution Next? 

A #Russian VIP transport jet is currently landing just outside the city of #Rostov. There is a noticeable uptick in… 

When ya mama fucking the barber    

HE SAID DO NOT MOVE LIKE THEY DIDNT SHOOT THIS MAN LIKE 6 FUCKING TIMES 

Accurate. Something unexpected always happens to me. This is why staying in my room is the best option. 

Good Morning, family! My baby girl is graduating in June. God is great! #LadyMotivation #motivatecelebrate… 

i'm a polite person and always say "thank u" but i won't fucking thank my teacher for letting me copy whatever tf she wrote on her blackboard

I presented 3 times today..... collectively about 2.5 hours of my day was spent presenting. With that I remind myself: only 3 weeks left   

This Crying Unicorn Candle Holder Bawls Its Eyes Out With Melted Wax Tears  

You might have plans for a peaceful day of rest and relaxation... More for Cancer 

So I guess even reading fucking yaoi manga can make you curl up and cry about being a trashy virgin prick. 

bigboobs babe giving blowjob and fucking in outdoor 

Idk why I had so much trouble getting up this morning. My dream last night was to damn emotional and intense

[Live] In the mood for a story heavy game tonight. Switching things up with some #NierAutomata 3rd playthrough! :) 

 Queen history . **«One Korea - One Olympics - One Yuna Kim!»**   *Yuna Kim - You are not… 

Bitch just asked me if we had QTONS for her salad..... I hate the beginning of the month

Paul Weller to play Glasgow's SSE Hydro in 2018  #glasgow #scotland 

Freedom Caucus: Donald Trump is attacking fellow Republicans just when he needs them the most — Quartz 

I'm so honored to be included in this amazing group, among some incredible people doing such amazing work in our... 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Just committed #ant #genocide. Relocating them to an   #farm did not work and I maimed many during relocation. I'm an   #horror tale. Feel bad

The evolution of Sean Spicer's "style" (using that word very loosely tbh) will leave you shook:… 

#GFRIEND has finally held their first fan meeting and it was so successful!...  by… 

This kid just farted in the airport on accident nd the mom gave him that "omg Timothy that's awful" look. Damn chill ma, he got some gas.   

WHY TF DID I TAKE BIO AGAIN IN COLLEGE?!!? I TAUGHT IT IN HIGH SCHOOL FOR 3 YEARS (basic and AP) AND I JUST WANT TO LEARN SOMETHING NEW D':

Learn to use Snapchat to grow your business.  #homebusinss #networkmarketing #onlinebusiness #moneyfromhome

WTF! no. I just ruined everything. the fucking word. i said it. and I hate myself now.

As a caring person, you'll gladly share your lunch with a hungr..."  

5 year anniversary live broadcast begins NOW  #dieselfm #techno #friday #music 

DOLLHOUSE HOUSE OF MINIATURES CHIPPENDALE SIDEBOARD KIT, COLONIAL ANTIQUE COPY  

pepsi is really reaching to promote that the newest revolutionary generation drinks soda. soda was so like a decade ago.

 LOOOOOOOOOOOOOL MY FUCKING CHEST    

The CW Sets Summer 2017 Premiere Dates for 'Whose Line Is It…  #tv #WhoseLineIsItAnyway… 

#gorilla fucking woman deformed sex organs 

BITCH IM MAD ASF HE DONT DESERVE THIS 

GHHHHHHH THIS IS THE CUTEST FUCKING THING 

White friends or relatives: "SO tired of talking about racism" Me: "Imagine living it?" Them: 

i gave everything i had to someone who didn't give a fuck about me for almost two years...someone slap me for being that stupid

[Pull out a coin] If I flip this coin what are the chances of me getting head? 

Rope brunette girl fucked in laundromat infront of strangers 

She really just said white women the standard lmaoooooo This why y'all self esteem low? Comparing yourselves to a… 

USC, I hope you realize that giving as a "clearance slip" a day before school ends is a fucking bad decision!!!!  

I hate when people lie to me like shits pisses me off

Some days I do alright and than others I think to myself "hey Shane it's 1045 maybe at least throw some deodorant on today"

Want a gal jus don't wanna start over. That shit be boring

The last time I did that I woke-up in the hospital with 17 staples in the back of my numb-skull.  

Two IRDR Young Scientists Share Their Experiences on Role of Youth in Disaster Risk Management in Nepal 

This small Idaho town doesn't need a rescue. It needs more workers.  nytimesvia perotratos

I really love this handy #flashlight! Get the brightest and fastest light for Android by RV AppStudios. 

Some people aren’t ever meant to stay and maybe that’s ok. because maybe in their leaving, we gain ourselves.

In the antebellum United States, a white slaver just sold an enslaved person's friend. 

Nettes indisches gf fucking mit bf Imran 

she hit the nail with the hammer when she said "who listens to this". lol he's trash 

Come meet Bentley at Foster Dogs, Inc. pack walk today! Join them for their #FosterPackWalk TODAY 3-5,... 

Regular #eye #tests are important for so much more than your #vision  

Found a Transponder Snail! Ace and Luffy form an unbreakable wall in battle!  

8 - Barcelona have won their last eight La Liga games at the Camp Nou, their best run at home under Luis Enrique. P… 

And will be vindicated in the end. Even if it takes 20 years. Principles before political correctness. 

Besides, Jared caught lying, Nunes "stepping down" any other major #TrumpRussia stories missing in today's news? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #Resist

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

I know at the end of the day that God has a plan and is with me every step of the way and no matter what I will always have him. Happy Tuesday! 

I'm not even tryna discredit her story at all. Just ain't about to jump to conclusions like.... I'm confundido???

It's always nice when you get bamboozled by people behind you in the coffeehouse. #theyfoundmeout #sendhelp

11 Year Old Girl Just Dumped Her Boyfriend With The Most Epic Burn Of All Time 

 March was another amazing month with my little beauty business!! My teammates never cease to… 

The Baja car built by #CSULB Society of Automotive Engineers members will be displayed at LB Grand Prix… 

Just walked out of school, can't fucking be arsed 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Members of Congress Respond to 'Free-Thinking' Atheists' Complaint ...  

I have been on Twitter for 5 years and 7 months (since 7 Sep 2011). And you? 

Don't keep going back! Loneliness is a strong pull. Resist the urge! You're worth more. Wait for someone who... 

  YASSS It's time for a great show  S3XI-NESS :Getting my hair done  

if shane jumps off of that rollercoaster ill have a fucking heart attack #WrestleMania

Come meet Former Amazon #RE Chief, Ben Conwell, now Executive Managing Dir. Cushman and Wakefield  Next event! 4/13

White people have been fighting each-other for millennia +now we think importing millions of 3rd world migrants isn't going to cause issues.

Did mass injuries stop their undefeated season? How about when a beat up Peyton Manning knocked out the pats? Or th… 

Someone forgot to read 'boating 101' prior to launch. 'Install drain plug' is high on the checklist. Bust Out Another Thousand bro.

Tap tap tap that ass make it nasty. Clap clap clap that ass make it nasty Tap tap tap that ass make it nasty (_!_)

I just uploaded “Spotlight on Seniors Empowered Aging Series - Balance” to #Vimeo: 

Plagued by bad #anxiety after drinking alcohol? Calm the #hangover anxiety with this free MP3 meditation: 

[Box Hill South] Hitmonchan (M) (IV: 73%) until 11:39:16AM at 5 Clarice Rd  

(2/2) the amount of Fuel supplied to the Narcissist and not become an emotionless person in the rest of their relationships.

I hate my darling child noah because now I'm plagued by thoughts of severian on a fuck machine and I FUCKING DIED OUT OF FOOLISHNESS

#orioles #baltimore #baltimoreorioles Dylan Bundy Made the Blue Jays Look Silly 

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

Goodnight twitter!  You'll finally be rid of me talking about Ace Attorney! ... for a while. I'll be back   

As a Protestant Christian, I am pleased to know Japan's Catholic Church advocates immediate phase-out of nuclear. 

20 people followed me and 7 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Call me what you want but one thing can't nobody call me is a bad mother... Averi is Loved and will always and forever be put first

ELI5: what caused the sound tvs used to make when you would turn them off and on? 

#F1 #ChineseGP FP1-FP2 Most entertaining moments: The Chinese struggling with the red carpet and Vettel's "L"  #brilliant

anyway i thought it could be a useful demonstration of how not to use twitter, since this etiquette shit isn't always intuitive

＠6vNANS March 31, 2017 at 08:45AM 931iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii…

03:56 UTC Temp: 7.3°C Wind: NNE, 0 mph(avg), 2 mph(gust) Humidity: 70% Rain(/hr): 0.0 mm Pressure: 1027 hPa, rising slowly #weather

I just keep telling myself that shitty things happen to me but something really great is gonna happen bc romantic comedies have ruined me

Ground cultivated, first crops in(broad beans and potatoes).Greenhouse up and running.Busy busy 

Some people/experiences leave a salty taste in your mouth, some more than others. Be thankful for them, now you know what to look out for.

I feel like the refs have been the constant story throughout this tournament. They shouldn't be noticed this much. Horrible officiating.

Our kids are important. We're making sure they receive nourishing meals year-round so they grow up happy and healthy.… 

Busty Sistas In Latex Interacially Butt Fucked 

 - Pence just cast the deciding vote in favor of defunding Planned Parenthood 

Alternative meeting location today at noon Please join us for a tour  

If Cdn Dalton Pompey sticks with #bluejays, he will earn more than star pitcher Aaron Sanchez. Pompey will get $539,000, Sanchez $535,000.

Today I met someone who inspired me today to do what I really want to do in life . One of the creators of the Neist… 

Try this crunchy bacon fries from blondes bacon creations It's sooo good   yummy deliscious !… 

The 5YO was kinda bitter when I admonished him for tipping the piano bench over. 5 min. later he gave me this, sayi… 

There are so many moms who flex their children on social media and treat their kids like shit in real life. It's sad . I see it a lot  

Found a Transponder Snail! Oars comes back as a henchman of Moria?!  #TreCru 

Are you fucking kidding me? Didn't get 1 fucking rebound!! WTF  

Alfani NEW Black Women's Size Large L Textured Knit Open Front Jacket $89 #101  

Brook v Spence Fight Pass tickets sell-out ahead of general sale - Brook v Spence Fight Pass ... - BOXINGNEWS - 

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

What I'd give to eat Alexa Bliss' fucking toenail clippings. #Wrestlemania

LG Electronics Washing Machine PCB Display Board Assembly  

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

The most incomprehensible thing about the universe is that it is comprehensible. OR IS IT? April 03, 2017 at 08:00AM

MoM Alert- Vectren Gas will be purging natural gas from a gas line at South Street and East Street. This MoM... 

Prime Minister Narendra Modi: Action against violent MP Shri Ravindra Gaikwad - Sign the Petition! 

Today I was happier than I have in a long time just because you love someone doesnt mean y'all are meant to be

Highest grossing movie of 1999. Nearly doubling that of #2 (Sixth Sense) and four times that of The Matrix. 

Ben Affleck Joins Justice League Costars In First Public Appearance Since Completing Rehab!  

Hearing the PLL theme song literally scares me bc this show will never end which is like a nightmare

Appeal Court Strike Out Ize Iyamu’s Bid For Ballot Recount  

#latina fucking pictures wwwgirlswithgirlssexyinfo 

I was watching a vlog on YouTube and I guess they forgot to edit the end of it bc they were literally going rehearsing lines for the video lol

HOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY HOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY FUCKHOLY FUCK

I have my interview for the program I'm dying to get in this month...I AM SHITTING BRICKS! I want to cry b/c of how bad I want to get in.

Small businesses tend to focus more on planning and less on plans. They watch their surroundings and act accordingly.

Statutory Instruments - The solicitor's nightmare. Every one will be a fucking headache. 

President Trump Fulfills 2 More Campaign Promises. Here’s What They Are…  

when you get home from work expecting to crawl back into bed with your man but he forgot to tell you he has work  

Like every other post is a "reminder" that u gotta act exactly this way else ur garbage and buddy im just here to hang n be gay

REALLY?!? Student Admitted to Stanford After Writing #BlackLivesMatter 100 times for his Application Essay 

I should place a call// tell'em what court we in//Rico... Kermit... Off Bee Em// No better yet, wish I could // res-urrect Kor-vor Kian -G

About to sit down and watch my first Madrid match since we played them. I already have that instant regret feeling.

I find peace in knowing.. I've come a long way and that I'm still becoming all that I'm meant to be.

Selling my dirty nude pics and vids for Amazon gift cards, just #kik me >> CARMELMOORE #Nudes #Hornykik

Australian government has a plan to combat sexism among 4-year-olds – TheBlaze 

If Assad goes, massive numbers of US ground forces will be required to occupy/govern Syria, which is a RECIPE for DISASTER!

So why is the dark side energy focused on passion and raw emotion? Isnt that supposed to be a good thing in life?

OAU Student Pictued cooking with firewood inside the school hostel as Power outage…  

"Santa Baby" is just a schizophrenic gold digger's wishes to an imaginary sugar daddy that comes once a year. 

I'm doing some worldbuilding in my big Ink world scrivener file. This is just the core magic types. This world is h… 

that guy who bid on bullets lost because i had to bite the bullet and i fucking died

SMFH I guarantee Rasheed's won't be meeting Jasmine till the fucking finale #LHHATL

The photography of Trump's presidency is a huge break from Obama's - The Verge 

So funny because I absolutely hate Bernie Sanders. I wanted to post the article and by doing so, I was made to seem like a supporter.

 UMich Confidence Measure Disappoints Amid “Rising Uncertainty Due To The Partisan Divide” P… 

living is actually experiencing shit for what it is..existing is just being here 

Day 1 of New York. Mostly exploring central park since it was really beautiful day outside.… 

I know he was 90, but he seemed practically immortal. Very sad news. An absolute legend. 

It's so much less stressful to approach something the mature way, so why make yourself look childish by being petty?

#two women one man fucking porn videos alt sex text repository 

 #Free Bunny Basket Workshop See details:  (Tomorrow, 4/1) 

can you believe that justin and selena stans are talking ab their faves being better under a post about the dead legend kurt? bc i can.

'Stealth' Core Trainer Aims To One-Up Nintendo's Wii Fit Balance Board  

 #1 FLASH News!What economics has to say about housing bubbles  

Find and Fuck a Slut Now! Try this out!  

Port Adelaide president and Sunrise co-host David Koch backs Manuka Green plan #PortAdelaide #PortAdelaide 

Because they are either illegals, idiots or both. 

You could work with such a passionate intent today that you in... More for Pisces 

what the FUCK!!!! debbie dropped the damn baby    

Need to sort out my fucked up sleeping pattern   gym it is

You want to see petty, I'll show you fucking petty

Waste of time when the. Issue has been resolved by reps of all parties in GST council 

In 2017, NSS will conduct its largest number of group tests to date, more than doubling the number performed in 201… 

Trump and International Criminal Com Sec Wilber Ross at Hire American-Buy American signing while Trump hires foreigne… 

today was just terrible   and i learned even family aint shit  

The real "disgraceful chapter in American history" going on in Syria is one ignored by corporate media. We funded… 

Trust IzzyWanders to create a Julie Andrews reference even in deepest darkest Peru.… 

It's always way too fuckin cold in these safety council joints.

With technology constantly changing, staying informed with the new trends is imperative for real estate marketing s… 

Aw im just wandering what looks more delicious jimins face or the cake lol wtf am i thinking, its definately jimi… 

Hi ! CKidsCamps.Thanks for the follow! Pleasure to connect :) We are into #digitalmarketing #growthhacking #webdev… 

Ryabinnikov #10 2nd cycle of 5 complete BW around 75kg Back Squat 120-130kg 5 x 4 130kg was… 

Yesterday someone asked me if there were a lot of lakes around where I grew up. My dumb ass forgot about Lake Michigan and I said no!!!!!

The #FlatEarth, Alien Butt Plugs, #GangBang New Ro, Fav #Redheads, Hand Or...  by… 

Statute of limitations for reporting possible golf violations should be considered. Rules say when competition is closed. Revisit that!

The "Tap for results" option in Twitter polls is so fucking stupid.

#Radical Anjem Choudary jailed for five and a half years - Are #Brits finally waking up? 

Hey, what's up you guys? Yes, today we are going to make the #itgetsworseSHOW come alive 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

I was just screaming at my tv. Twice #1 with that non box out. I want to pinch him. 

Last rt, first reply is salty bitter bij why why why?!?! atleast dia tak plastik let her be okay pakwe dia steady je kot plis ok plis.

11 amazing followers in the last week and there will be more tomorrow. Growing with 

WWEandMcMahons 4us fans were glad talent beginnin 2come up but u need 2listen also 2us TheFans($MONEY$MACHINE$)! Ur 2predictable change needed

Antonio Conte replies when asked if he’ll watch Tottenham before Chelsea clash  #Chelsea #CFC 

Number crunching for the past day - 1 new follower and NO unfollowers. Stats via 

It's bittersweet for sure, and at times I found it difficult to watch, but if this was Taker's last go, he gave all he had. #WrestleMania

He didnt deny it, THE FUCKING CUNT DIDNT DENY IT ISCO I SWEAR TO GOD IF YOU GO TO BARCA.. 

Lavar Ball is a bitch fuck him and his ugly ass son

Attributable to #Saudi aggression and siege on #Yemen, 3 Million #Yemeni workers lost their jobs #EndYemeSiege 

#DigitalTransformation Strategy: the Bridges to Build  

Billabong Metallic Beach Trilet Bikini Top Womens   

Glam sluts pissing n fucking orgy 

ARE YOU LOOKING FOR SOMETHING TO DO THIS SCHOOL HOLIDAYS? MAC ADELAIDE LIGHTNING AND ADELAIDE 36ERS HAVE YOU... 

Tales of encountering 2 Jehovah witness on the train back. JW: Hi (Friend ditches me and leaves me there) Inner me: you Fuck why u leave me

Conservatives live in a fantasy world crafted to exploit their privileged desires, fear, and hysteria. 

You may be not-so-secretly exploring a variety of strategies t... More for Aries 

#Emmerdale Who is John Middleton? Emmerdale's Ashley Thomas who is leaving the soap as dementia storyline comes to… 

What do you think about services, policies, and quality of life in the City of Kalamazoo? Take 15 mins to let us know… 

 | Cover crop | Buckwheat, but also mangel seeds and broadbeans just because 

1,400 to get my wisdom removed got me fucked up     

Tickets go on sale at 9AM TOMORROW! Click here to check out the program and get ready for tomorrrow morning >>… 

I spotted this bicycle yesterday. Rusting away in the corner of a courtyard. I do believe it is… 

Hate that when you wake up in the morning feeling the horn dog from hell and you just know the day is gonna be a struggle :/

Ozil having lots touches and with his quality, it's showing how he's a class above but physically he hasn't been the same for a year now.

THIS MAN IS FUCKING OH MY GOD 

I've learned a lot. I've grown a lot. But most importantly I've started to show myself, who I really am. I've stopped hiding in the corner.

Halt time at Camp New. 0-0 Exceptionally boring game, but the sun tan is well and truly topped up. Oh, Neilston are down to 10 men also.

#Fashion Take your new-season hair inspiration from the #SS17 Plait Directory:  

tj: we're separated b/c you open up then shut all the way down rebel: no we're separated b/c ya credit score is the same as ya age   savage!

This is an urgent appeal to find Callum a bird plz recommend him to all friends, peers and coworkers the boy is lit as desperate as they get

You could work with such a passionate intent today that you in... More for Pisces 

Send him Diary of St. Faustina. He isn't asking to be killed, which shows a sign of hope for "fear of death or life… 

The God of Madness, once heroic, is now wasted spirit behind eyes and not worthy of the lowliest idol. #amwriting #poem

some bitches don't be having no friends or one maybe two cause they fake asf!!!! not cause that's who they chose to b friends wit.

im not worried about the blackout caused by the storm; im worried my English assignment due midnight

My dog literally got out of my backyard, and got hit by a car. They didn't even fucking stop. WHO THE FUCK DOES THAT

Sometimes u just wanna say "disgusting ass bitch" but u remember it's just your period.. chill out  

allkpop: Oh My Girl teach you their moves for 'Coloring Book' in new 'Let's Dance' video  

I know that I will soon put it aside, as our Lord Jesus Christ has made clear to me. 2 Peter 1:14 What does Jesus want you to give up?

but isn't it actually self-centered to refuse someone's friendship because they're too self-centered to do emotional labor for you

New #Job: Substance Misuse Support Worker - #Huddersfield Dedicated to #Employment Opportunities in #Yorkshire… 

Don't even ask. Some anxiety inducing stuff, you're better off not knowing. Ignorance is indeed bliss. 

#Pirates #PittsburghPirates #Tickets 2 tickets Pirates vs Giants Saturday 7/1 section 107 row F PNC Park 

Monster High doll collection Nefera De Nile C.A. Cupid and more  

also... I wish you new age ppl would stop acting like marriage isn't a goal. for some ppl it's their only goal to be a wife/mom and that's OK.

i reallt cant get over these like how does she exist????? shes not even human fucking ethereal queen 

Those GoFundMe campaigns can't simply buy Congress's internet history  

Feeling old school - hand writing notes while the paparazzi constantly snap photos around me #aacr17 surreal

Melanie Rios Fucked on a Couch 

Xxxtentacion fans are fucking crazy. Quoting Tumblr posts as "proof".

threatmeter: NA - CVE-2017-0560 - An information disclosure vulnerability in the... 

Fernandinho has been excellent in the last few games, making crucial tackles, passing out, and helping the defense. No more reds please.

actually one of the things that really helps with my sleep cycle is getting paid for my labour 

Saturnz Barz is my favorite of the 4 #Gorillaz songs. The beat is absolutely killer and 2D's chorus is too good.

[TOR] 76ers lead the Raptors 29-28 at the end of the 1st. PHI: T Luwawu-Cabarrot 11pts, 2reb, 0ast TOR: S Ibaka 8p… 

E don't look like that my g's, swear to god you's are so retarded        

Muscle Health Magazi: New post (Iskra Lawrence Reveals the Grueling Ab Workout That Keeps Her So Fit) has been.. 

EYFS Primary Teacher - Birmingham - September '17 - Oldbury - OtherJob Description - EYFS Primary Teacher -... 

Marquei como visto The Simpsons - 14x16 - Scuse Me While I Miss the Sky  #bancodeseries

"Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country." -JFK "I have words. I have the best words!" -DT SO MURICAN

No other song gets me hype the way run it up by g herbo does... like I cannot explain it, I'm a whole different person    

And i'm not lying either. Its actually true. I like do my research before saying these things. 

I only look at fake conscious videos now to see what lies they telling now and how they are deceiving the unlearned people

i'm so fucking stressed already 

i put my iphone in my pocket with scratchy things and now its all scratched on the screen fucking moron over here

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

As spring marches on, let us know how your #weightloss journey is going this season! #SlimmingWorldUSA

Telesales Executive Telesales Executive, Leeds, LS11 Resolve Recruitment are working with a major pla...

Congratulations Jim Walsh, 2017 Main Street Iowa "Spirit of Main Street Award" Recipient 

when you are conflicted over a certain character depicted as POC due to stereotypes but you cannot really say anything bcs u are not >>

Downtown Adventure. Did SkySlide again with a friend, ate dinner at Bottega Louie, followed by… 

Just smashed 56 syns on this beaut. Am I sorry? Hell no! #totallyworthit #eastereggs #orangechocolate… 

These 9 Shocking Facts Will Prove That Harry Potter Was Actually The Bad Guy! 

What're you reading this weekend? How about BloodDreams, punk rock and vampires? New Chapters at JukePop!… 

Mana would legit be a retard driving an F1 car and telling the people that are made up of 3 vienna sausages.

Encryption Workarounds Paper Shows Why 'Going Dark' Is Not A Problem, And In Fact Is As Old As Humanity Itself… 

you call ignorant misguided and downright fucked in the head maulvis into your homes to teach your children and then wonder, tsk tsk #Pakistan

Celebrities Who Turned Their Couples Into Superstars! Some Of Them Don't Deserve To Be Famous 

Trump presidency is nothing but a lying machine. Nothing he says or his staff says is true facts at all. History will not be good to Trump

#BBNaija so Debbie wanna apologize ...she shouldn't have reacted that way...and Bisola should also apologize... #shikenan

people who have shitty reply game make me frustrated

Such a great privilege to have Prof.B.K. Kuthiala, renowned communication scholar and the Vice Chancellor at... 

mothers fucking daughters tubes 

Just wanted to order some chocolate covered fruit but instead got erotic underwear and lotion everywhere. Be careful when u google "edible."

Where ever u see the presence of darkness, hostility, negativity and consistency, know that the evil one is the captain of that   ship

NASTY WHORE GOES TO MOUTH ASS IN BAR BAD 

Autosport News: Maverick Vinales reminds Jorge Lorenzo of himself in MotoGP: Jorge Lorenzo… 

revenge on cheating boyfriend fucking 

Bahaha. Jesus. Can't even do a small strike correctly. PATHETIC. Americas become such a parody of itself. 

Omg just watching people talk about "potential war" is making me lose brain cells, we have the best miltary BUT it doesn't make us safe

"We aren't hitting our stupid fucking targets this year, Don." "Do people still need to park, Chad?" "Yes, Don." "Raise the prices Chad."

TAURUS: Play-doh is non-toxic and fun to play with, not to eat. So you can eat it, but you won't have fun doing it.

Dr. Ben Carson Finds Half TRILLION Dollars in Errors While Auditing Obama’s Housing Agency 

Thank You sa Answered PRAYER.. Hoooooray..     ABS-CBN Summer Station ID shoot! #JodiStaMaria #RichardYap… 

They don't even have a fucking valid reason to hate him,Like wtf,grow the fuck up.Nothing can stop Roman from being… 

yall know i aint stupid..right?like i know when you block my fucking number,i wouldnt care if you didnt act like u was my friend 2days ago  

care about sustaining us for more then just brief outcry. u guys really need to stop pretending ANYONE is above critique n stay in ur lane.

"Paris Hilton Goes Totally Naked Under The Burning Sun As She Enjoys Mexican Getaway With Her Boyfriend 

Help me find PH YOI fanbook or doujins please, I need to own more xD Please, if you know anyone selling one, let me know! Thank you :*

it's already 1:43 am but i'm still awake because of this. #TWICE #JEONGYEON #트와이스 #정연 

Roxxxy Rush Gets Her Booty Drilled Deep Anal Blowjob Cum Swallowing Double Penetration Facial Cumsho 

Live pussy fuck and cum show for members of  at 3:30p PST! Join now and c my porn AND archived live shows too!

Alissa just burnt all my nose hair with a FUCKING lighter so all I smell is burnt FUCKING hair, IM TRIGGERED

A wild Misdreavus has appeared! It's IV is 75.56. Despawns at 23:12:17 (27m 7s). 

The entire American narrative has nothing to do with dreams, but only the subversion of dreams in service of unchallenged, aimless progress.

I've just watched episode S02E11 of Pretty Little Liars! #PLL  

Everyone is in Egypt, or going to Egypt this week And im fucking stuck here..

!!! I NEED IT MORE THAN AIR NOW, THX INTERNET, NOW I CAN NEVER BE HAPPY AGAIN 

Pics from troop canoe and kayek trip down the Pee dee river. Perfect weather, and the boys had a blast!

Oddly, I don't remember being be called a Saddam supporter for opposing the Iraq War. Maybe the media learned how to gracefully start a war?

Start your amazing journey with Our Noza Tec Sat Nav, you will have brilliant experience. Preloaded maps United Kin 

Another Song Wit 2K Thanks To All My Loyal Fans Yall Are My Second Family       

Trump immigration adviser ordered to turn over briefing document  

SKIP AD???? UM NO I DONT FUCKING THINK SO     

Understanding the science (even only the slightest bit of it) is a nice way to start to feel in control of my own body.

Toronto's artificial intelligence institute aims to stop up A.I. brain drain 

my girl said she's never been given any flowers at all, ever. so i decided to start her off easy with just one   

She screamed out in anger, struggling to pull herself from the ground. " I'M BOUTTA FUCK SOMEONE'S DAY UP. "

We Started from the bottom, if the seeds never blossom let me sow again ... I reckon we can glow again

Me: whoa who left these untouhed wendys fries in the living room? Roommate: me, you can have them Me: 

Gonna start drinking more water. Gonna eat healthier. Gonna visit the gym 2x a week. Gonna have another baby.

Exactly. When it was the Black woman he was ready to throw hands and beat her... now all of a sudden he wants a con… 

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

YOU'RE WATCHING BIRD UP, THE WORST SHOW ON TELEVISION

2 new tweeps followed me in the last week. I find relevant people to follow with the #CopyFollowers feature of 

Monster High Lot x9 Pets Bat Tiger Beetle Spider Cobra Flytrap Piranha Chameleon  

THE MOST DANGEROUS THING WE FACE IS BEING ROLLED OUT NOW and YOU’RE SUICIDAL IF YOU DO NOTHING 

Arsenal's team is full of leaders across the pitch – Iwobi  via todayng 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

So you staying at Zona? Guess I'm not getting 2k18 then   you the only rook I care for 

i think it's funny how these black ppl claiming themselves to be activists and shit are doing the opposite of what activism is about

Our project "Co-development of place-based climate services for action (CoCliServ)" JPI Climate ERA4CS gets funded 

♯ Estee Lauder SWAROVSKI #Crystal Fantasy of Light #Aurora Borealis Lucidi... Buy now!  

I feel so poorly but i gotta push myself for college tomorrow even though ill feel even worse after it LOL

When I felt myself about to do something that wasn't me, I had to open up my bible and just read cause Lord knows I'm better than that.

Don't forget! Our Tuesday Starkville Community Market opens TODAY! We've added one more vendor, so come out and... 

Story of Seasons Trio of Towns Review-The Cream of the Crop|Gaming Gamma:  

Just like Teddy Clean you can advertise free on Dotty Directory  

Donald Trump takes nepotism to the next level. This time, with his daughter. [VIDEO] 

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Michael Flynn in 2016: ‘When you’re given immunity, you’ve probably committed a crime’ – video 

The begining is begun: Sweden to mediate Museveni, Besigye talks  

At 10:36 AM, 1 NNE BAY ST. Louis [Gmz532 Co, MS] C-MAN STATION reports MARINE TSTM WIND of M41 MPH #LIX 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

#Filmmakers #FF #Reddit #Livebroadcasting The Book of Life Director Jorge R Gutierrez talks about the secrets to C… 

The Future of Healthcare Reform Now and More Developments at ACI's Managed Care Conference  #Legal

id like to thank everyone that went into making these new frames here.... truly a blessing 

Need this mirror on my wall asap cannot deal with trying to style outfits without a fucking mirror

Eternity just found in the dictionary to increase the power and extension of vocabulary not in actual relations to fulfill the gratitude

We just won ANOTHER championships award. It's lit. Best way to end this season 

“Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life’s coming attractions.” ~Albert Einstein #quote

Why are more people not talking about this in this #Drupal controversy?  Also how does one… 

No One Wins - A Multibasket Backboard by llobet and pons  … #ART #ArtIntervention #PublicArt… 

Don't know who I dislike more. The Texas Rangers or those who like the Astros now that they are relevant!!! #bandwagon

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

After I did my ten mile timed speed that's why I'm slower, I'm tired! #centralonline #handcycle… 

Matthew Perry Revealed His Favorite Chandler Bing One-Liner And It Is Truly One Of His Best 

7.3 a Building and Drainage Department Memorandum 2017-059 from the Chief Building Official/Drainage... 

tbh i needed them gucci sliders jus for my collection ion like em ion wear em i need then ferragamo sliders next

im so fucking upset man nothing ever works out for me

Everything seems to be falling into place today. However, ther... More for Taurus 

It's so sunny but it's freezing fucking cold, how?!

7 Alexa skills you actually need in your life right now  

one person followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Banladeshi Shy Girl Fucked by Boyfriend Link to this post:  #Video#Videos 

Missed most of today, wondering if it's worth catching up on the terrible things that've happened and the terrible takes written about them

You may be out of my sight but never out of my mind #EnginAkyürek #Dağhan #ÖleneKadar #SelDağ Dağhan SelDağ

I Wouldnt Have Been Mad If He Wouldve Beat Ha Ass Up 

Go to check this idiot called Tarjouskana, MYSPACE? anyone, hey, hey, heyyyyyyyy!!!

Financial limitations can drag their negative consequences int... More for Gemini 

man It Won't Be Soon Before Long was the first album I bought. nostalgia hits underrated Maroon 5 album

Science and STEM Educators Win 2017 Vernier NSTA Technology Awards  #edu #interesting

#NowOnLoadedNobs #BbNaija: I Was Shocked When I Heard Thintalltony Is Married - Bally 

"Good speech aside, having you as my child has been a gift of infinite proportions. In the high school where you... 

12 People Admit To The Stupidest Thing That Has Ever Come Out Of Their Mouth. 

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

The company I work for has more amenities and services within the building than the whole suburb I lived in :'D

North Korea says body of murder victim to return in deal with Malaysia; travel bans lifted 

When it was already fucking nuts and the Dj says , " time to go fucking nuts in here " 

Federer [#Football] : Granada 0 vs 1 Barcelona - Watch Live Streaming here #LFP 

I need a mechanic to fix my fucking car and stop playing

Stealing is stealing. I mean he only called em 87 bitches and threatened em. That's gettin off light for thievery 

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

My fitbit #Fitstats_en_GB for 4/04/2017: 12,884 steps and 5.8 miles traveled. 

#ebay Samsung Galaxy On5 8GB - Black (MetroPCS) Smartphone, No Contract: $32.00 (16 Bids) End Date:…… 

Who knew that The Miz I used to watch on the MTV challenges is actually a "real" wrestler now....not I

Happy 18th to the meanest, sassiest and rudest person I know. So glad we became friends after you slapped me in the… 

Love is a beautiful thing. It comes with hurt, it comes with pain, but there's always sunshine after the rain.

The episode of Snooki meeting her husband is so precious like you never know who's the one !!!!!  they were all drunk

Now that Citizens United established 1st amendment rights for corporations, the Supreme Court has literally ruled that money is speech.

I'm not going to get my dick cut off and sold to China, spend the rest of my life on a treadmill like this guy. 

Et : Olivier L., webmaster (97) / Monica L., coach (13) / Emilie K., coach (31) / Eric M., graphiste (82) / Younes N., consultant (92) ...

He can't see but I know he can feel that damn cold air atop his head so now I'm mad at both of y'all bc this has go… 

Mouth breathers. I FUCKING CAN'T. 

Petite cutie in cops uniform a garter belt and fishnet stockings fucking 

GOT A ROLLER? GOT A #PAINT BRUSH? AUCTION HOUSE AT 6.30 FOR OUR FIRST #PAINTPARTY!!! WE ARE #EXCITED! EXCITED CAPS LOCK! COME ALONG!

In the end, what ever happens, I am grateful for the opportunity to put my hand up and be counted.   

A word from aidanjcole. There will never be a perfect time or "right" time. You will never be… 

So during us building house #3 we had someone fall off the face of the earth, someone die, and someone get arrested :-)

We did however manage to transplant all 12 of these date palms in a permanent spot before my… 

It was very joyful moment that they also spent long time with kid center, playground at Plaza Shopping Center. 

smoking on something that's louder than my fucking actions 

Now this is what I call a classic #HipHopClassics Redman and Methodman - Y.O.U  

"Our Dishonest President" This will be what #Trump is remembered for, this and destroying our planet both for greed. #Trumprussia

I FUCKING HATE THE BEACH Why would I choose to go there

France sends humanitarian aid to Syria chemical attack victims  

Humans have had dogs as companions and workers for more than 14,000 years. #fact  

Donald the Con want them all deported.  Look I like taco bowls, but not brown people, says Don the Con

they was grown out and just needed a lil shape up      she fucked them uppppp!!!    

36.45Cts.Nice Blue Labradorite Fancy Antique Designer Gemstones  

Trump can pull money from his businesses whenever he wants — without ever telling us 

Mahopac Man Didn't Install Interlock Device, Yorktown Police Say  

$SPY These Charts Say That #Stocks Are Unlikely To Pull Back Any Time Soon  $DIA $QQQ #stockmarket #stocktrading $TLT

4/8/2017 6:00 PM Temp:60.4 Hum:26% Rain:0.00 Wind:5.3 W Feels like:60.3 Bar:29.952 Steady #DamascusMD #wdisplay

I would've been quite fine going to sleep with Lesnar as champ at 11 instead of. Staying up till 12 to watch this Roman crap #Wrestlemania

Exact death toll from #revolution remains unknown. 1,382 casualties according to 1917Pravda, other sources say around 2,000 #1917LIVE …

Gigi Hadid Flaunts Major Cleavage and Sideboob In Sexy Lace Lingerie — Steamy Pic 

well today turned out to be a real fucking shitshow

Find someone who don't call there so called "girlfriend" A hoe, a slut, stupid ass and etc.

Klay Thompson asked me if we could take a selfie... So I said "Sure, why not?" (maliit na bagay   ) HA HA HA (lu… 

*that moment when ur 7 episodes behind on flash and u can't find a certain episode anywhere and u have to wait a 10 days for it to come on*

Ive been sayin this 4 yrs, Mean Joe gets all the credit from that line without LC he that good? Honestly! LC the t… 

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

Music Developmental Educational Instrument Musical Rattles Hand Bell  

Got deGrom on my Cash lineup and that Mazara dinger just made me feel significantly better. Let's keep it goin'!

K you know my work schedule is fucked up when I still haven't even watch this week's rpdr yet WHO AM I AND WHY

 WhatsApp will reportedly launch peer-to-peer payments in India within… 

I just wanna know why there is so much fucking k-pop boyband boy ladies on my tl...

Oh my ... aren't these sweet! Loads of super cuddly, super soft and super cute, JellyCat bunnies are in at... 

Chinese firms in Kenya donate food aid worth $160,000  

Feeling like Gemma Teller - lies eventually killed her but she protected those she loved till her last breath

Huyton mum-of-four given just 50p A WEEK to pay rent after Tory benefit cap changes - Liverpool Echo 

This is why we recommend I.F. for most of our metabolic cases and weight loss programs... Great article... You... 

Wall colors can influence potential buyers! Utilizing a bit of color psychology may help you sell your home... 

#MLB Wire: LOOK: Cam Newton takes to Instagram to reveal the name of his infant daughter  

Ready to see how good you can feel? Join me for the next Vitality Challenge!  

I'm stupid for working out at the gym with a fucked up shoulder, but gym is life.

I wanted QDOBA for lunch today but their phone line is busy and I'm too lazy to go pick up my food. 

I'm eligible for an upgrade on my phone. Do I want an iPhone 7 or should I wait to see what comes out this year?

now playing from #eurovision : Lonnie Devantier - Hallo Hallo (Denmark 1990) Back tot the #90s with 

I've worked in the restaurant business and make fucking 4.75 an hour!!

“You’re mine.” He spoke the words like a vow, and I could do nothing but give the words back to him.

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

13 reasons why, just fucked me up 13 1/2 times omg  

Trump will never measure up to the service and sacrifice Ms. Clinton has made for this country. 

Cast my last vote in this game. It was fun, even though some of the greater Trump tweets got voted off. 

ITS THE FUCKING NUMBER 5 TREND AND HE POSTED 10 MINUTES AGO WE ARE LEGENDS

The night skyline is a beauty that shouldn't be missed. Our customers will be thrilled when they… 

For me I personally believe that everyone is entitled to education but just not in the systems we have in place today

UKIP’s Neil Hamilton called upon to resign over his sick suicide ‘joke’ about poor children [VIDEO] | The Canary 

  thelodginghouse: Where dudes make fucking friends 

I wish I could be there tomorrow but sadly I'm on shift. I hope you all have a fabulous day    #nursing… 

Trump Bombs Syria Few Days after his Administration Announced Syrians will Determine Fate of Assad 

So don't ask me why I'm to myself... My tryst been fucked up since a baby

# This is Liberal BS at its finest. Criticizing his enforcement of our laws,is beyond the pale. 

This Woman Killed 100 ISIS Militants Now Has An Unimaginable Bounty Amount On Her Head 

Because baseball season has officially started, most of my tweets will probably be about that and I'm not sorry

Handbags reveal their bearers’ secrets more than they hide them, writes JulesVernova.   — …

Why reward #Bombardier families after their epic management sins? #Bombardier 

shahid - Brace yourselves for the Saudi coalition - Well we not military experts. 

#oral #beautifulboobs nasty whore #britain #beach goddess -->  

Mooresville church ousts Boy Scouts, says allowing transgender boys embraces sin  

i wish i had somebody to talk to,like i have people to talk to ya'know,but not about the things that keep me up at night...

People complaining about the refs calling too many fouls are the same people yelling "how could they miss that" when they miss a call.

Douk only bed hooker.. I come from alien land. My wife. Kill alien. My son dead Douk, my baby Douk..

Tired Of Constantly Being Put Down, The Negativity, The Tears, The Heartbreak, The Pain; I'm Done, I Just Can't Deal No More 

omg. y'all. ace boog1e really thought he could make that jump with his stick in his mouth. the look of shame afterw… 

How to Network and Generate Leads without Making Cold Calls.  #sales #entrepreneur 

Can't wait to further my soccer career at North Lake college.<EMOJI>️Thank you to everyone that supported me!<EMOJI>️    

When I look around...the glow up is real. Nearly everyone I know is winning in this season...#livingvicariously

Zero knowledge or training. Stuff like CBM, units per pallet   . My brain hurts. Nothing is appreciated of course. I get to eat   woah.

To everyone that follows Lauren: I'm swear I'm not always as ugly as the pictures she's posts of me are        

Buck-Tick's company fucked up. Banker my ass. RT "Y42.51 mil in cash found in garbage at Gunma dumpsite" 

Panarin empty netter. 3-1. Kane 3 assist nite. #Blackhawks about to reach 2nd 50-win season in franchise history #HawksTalk

Indonesia destroys 81 foreign ships for illegal fishing. World’s largest archipelago nation has taken tough stance against illegal fishing.

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#NBA Wire: Diamonds in the Rough: Introducing the top sleepers in the 2017 NFL Draft  

Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Given New $87.00 Price Target at Maxim Group  #acn

Seriously I haven't seen a single #MassEffectAndromeda review that I agree with. It was the best I've played so far in the series.

Tired of ugly ass Alexandria... i dont claim this place nomore 

Price Reduced | Lillington, NC - Inside Sales $70,000 per month  

Comparison w/ the anime/manga and other films is inevitable. The hero's journey back from product to person is worth a look.

Is Your Wine Headed for the Honor Roll or Detention?  

slut wife fucking her lover while hubby films 

Meet the shady broker Kushner used to build a fancy high-rise w/Trump’s name on it: 

Is Branded Content Over—Or Has it Just Begun?  #filmmaking #film 

 #nowplaying Lee Ann Womack - "I'll Think Of A Reason Later" #1000HitsCountry

Found a Transponder Snail! A tearful farewell: The Going Merry's last voyage.  #TreCru 

My first edit! I'm proud of it. It's not art but I started yesterday. What do you guys think? I… 

Kristen Baldovin will investigate in Greece how history/culture influenced mythology to engage stdnts in lit and writing #FFTFellow

I basically did this and the driver stops and tries blocking us from leaving ,but i reversed and got us out of the… 

  Dude ain't even logged out of his current PC yet and yall ALREADY giving orders smh 

Forget about #Trump and watch this new #horror #thriller movie:  

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

But anyway I hope they show yongbin's stahe snd talk about how he could've been in exo so my boy can get pity votes

When your son is put in isolation on the last day of term at school for having a hair cut then says it was "fun" #theremightbetroubleahead

For #AprilFoolsDay, skip the jokes about fake pregnancy to be sensitive to those going through #infertility. 

Gavin Barwell congratulates himself for being better at handling the economy than Labour while letting his own country and people die. Sad!

#NowPlaying - WALTS WELT Teaser App.mp3  Live-Stream: 

Menlyn Mall : Security guards are sooo fucken stupid.. like these motherfuckers saw us running after this guy and they watched us.

The thing makes me sad is now people will think i love jaemin just cause he reminds ym in some angles :( i love my son cause he is himself.

He mixed 3 ingredients and applied to his hair! the results after 7 days…unbelievable!  

“If you know one person with autism, you know one person with autism.” Remember everyone with autism is unique. 

Extremelly horny babe fucked on the sofa 

I have to talk to the aide. She cannot be leaving clothes wet in the washer. The blouse I am wearing is moldy. I... 

With the shape he's in he could have a career year honestly. That said, the Andre is better than fucking Shaq for a… 

LAST NIGHT IN SWEDEN: 1 woman raped + 4 attempted rapes in the Stockholm area...  by… 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

My niece gets on my brothers snapchat/his finance's snapchat and posts pics and videos all the time without them knowing. It's hilarious  

Treasury yields tumble after the jobs report whiffs  #Business 

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

My best friend decided to get a job the week I'm going up there to visit her. So imma be in her apartment most of the time   

Why agencies should prioritise culture over strategy every time  

it's always you can't bc you're talking to your fucking friends

Guys with hair like this have a 125% chance of being negitave and saying he's happy your mom is dead!!!!! 

#girls fucking for drugs anal you 

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

Imagine turning the key to open your beautiful new home. #beautifulhome #homesforsale  

Theresa May arrives in Saudi Arabia without a headscarf to advocate for women #Socialmedia 

Ford Bold Moves Street Racing (Sony PlayStation 2, 2006)  

#NowPlaying Zatox and Dave Revan - Hardstyle Anytime (FREE TRACK).mp3 Zatox Zatox - Zatox and Dave Revan - Hardstyle Anytime (FREE TRACK).mp3

Beauty Vlogger Gina Shkeda Had a Powerful Response to a Teen Who Wished She Looked Like Her  

‘Fear The Walking Dead’ Season 3: Photos from the Premiere [SPOILERS]  

Petite American character actress who was celebrated for her definitive portrayal of long-suffering Linda Loman... 

I have a v hard time starting things, lots of ideas but don't know how to begin. Breaking stuff down is ok I guess but eh I can't started.

my annoying ass they did a vlive today i forgotdjsj

#JouwBaan #werk #vacature #JouwBaan 109748 Sr. Specialist Technical Lead Customer Facing applications IS Division 

The chainsmokers are so fuckin bad, even worse that all their songs are so damn catchy  

Check out my #ManyVids profile and treat yourself to a little something naughty ;) 

Tag someone who hates mowing the lawn    Get this item here =>  

Liverpool 3 - Everton 1: Mane, Coutinho and Origi ensure Reds claim bragging rights  

My hand slipped. And my oldtaku is showing. :P *in my best granny voice* "does anyone remember Outlaw Star?" 

Welp. Now's a good time to reread Wallerstein so I don't have to feign surprise when this charismatic despot is replaced by warlords.

Help to crackdown the internet sites that promote animal cruelty! Plz sign:  

DOWOON IS MY HUSBAND AND NO ONE CAN TAKE HIM AWAY #장난아닌데 #ImSerious #EveryDAY6 #DAY6 

It’s time to stop letting so-called “experts” comment on subjects they know nothing about 

I keep having these weird nightmares where my beard gets fucked up... Why do you do this to me universe?

Just a few more days before the GRAND OPENING of: DROMMEDARIS PLETTENBERG BAY! Breaking news - Drommedaris,... 

Boruto looks lit and he's a badass I like that filthy cunt

You are acutely aware of your commitments today, but you're no... More for Sagittarius 

It may be a seller's market, but home sellers say the greatest challenge for them this year is the lack of homes... 

SHOCKING ANNOUNCEMENT!! Buhari To Shut Down National Assembly, Until Senate Confirms Ibrahim Magu As EFCC Chairman - 

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

Don't let your dreams stay dreams. You deserve everything that you're willing to work for. 

metuei80 : My dear sister Na Efe carry dis one  (via Twitter 

Latest Java jobs in New York, NY, London posted on Thursday 30th of March 2017 

Vigorous ebony getting ass fucked 

"Don't worry, don't be afraid -- ever -- because... this is just a ride!" _Bill Hicks

Nigeria’s SAPETRO joins Hyperdynamics’ Guinea project as 50% partner  #EnergyNews

If I didn't ask for your opinion, then I obviously don't fucking need it   ‍

I wanna start doing YouTube videos. I've been wanting to do them since I was 13 :( I'm fucking 19. LMFAOOOO

#ZumaMustFall please mr president, you've messed up everything what the great leaders in ANC did, it is time to call it a day

Chiropractic care may be able to relieve symptoms of IBS, including bloating and abdominal pain. If you suffer... 

It's nearly impossible to see the downside of a plan today. In... More for Sagittarius 

coffee dOESN'T EVEN FUCKING RHYME WITH CONFERENCE. xD!

Highlights of yesterdays amazing Performing Arts Showcase available on our YouTube page  

"I'M GOING TO STICK THAT GUN UP YOU'RE ASS....." AND KATY PERRY KILLS MUSIC...AGAIN!!!! ON TODAY'S BLOG.... 

ღ You have not lived today until you have done something for someone who can never repay you. ღ ~ J.Bunyan… 

Most Comedians have a dark side, that lets them take a negative thing and turn it funny 

New post: China: Raids on House Churches Continue in Crackdown on Christianity 

Bob Dylan finally accepts Nobel Prize, months after ceremony  

So this is the 1st time since moving to ATX that there's an opportunity and safe route to take to work on my bicycle. It's p exciting actually

ukwon: [singing, but the camera isnt centred on him] me: WHERE HE AT BITCH

I bow to science wherever it takes place. This South African gentleman gave me a great insight into the telltale of… 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

We can now celebrate #brexit with 15% more expensive spirits! I'll raise a small glass to that   

Sometimes you can't explain what you see in a person. It's just the way they take you to a place where no one else can..

I MISS THIS PERSON. CHOI SEUNGHYUN I FUCKING MISS YOU. 

THE DIAMOND WASNT JULIE HUNTS RING WAS MY FLIGHT PLAN AND FOUR COUNTRIES TO DO AND SEE LIFE WITHOUT DONNAS WASNT TO SEE THE HUNTS AGAIN

#whatgrindsmygears ...When you go to McDonald's and there's 5 people behind the till but non of them can fucking serve you on time

Psoas therapist, Luke, getting some one:one training with Jason to check in on his… 

Is twitter fucking up or is someone (savy) fucking with my account ?

Fucking stingy people you suck please do all the fucking thing how is not how you want #FuckThePeople

"People like kind of respect you here and I can't figure out why" Corey on his first night out in Newport with me lol.

Trying to win a girl's heart? You MUST read these tips first - We bet you didn't know #6! 

Social activities may be on the calendar today, but you aren't... More for Virgo 

I need to stop coming to Bloomington.. something bad happens every damn time

WHAT CHINESE MEAL SHOULD I HAVE AFTER HAVING FISH and CHIPS (WITHOUT MAYO) AND BATTERED SAUSAGE FOR DINNER? answers to T**A

My flesh will feed the demon No trial no case for reason iVE been chOSEN TO PAYYYY WITH MY LIFFEEE!!!

he also abuses his fucking pets so I've never been so turned off by a person

They said the same bs before thousands of men came into their countries raping their women and destroying their... 

10:20 BST: Temperature: 14.9°C, Wind: E, 2 mph (ave), 4 mph (gust), Humidity: 53%, Rain (hourly) 0.0 mm, Pressure: 1019 hPa, falling slowly

This is who he really is what he really thinks? He's right too! Let's now impeach this fool! 

.Incredible Story With This Horny Milf After She Took Advantage Of A Minor Boy 

Will the companies you pitch for licensing consideration just end up ripping you off?  #fear #inventing

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

A good suit is a man’s most flattering fashion item – the double-breasted cut broadens the shoulders and brings... 

You were wild about the first drop, and now we've got more Marina Rinaldi Sport especially for you...… 

A fully functional pixel-perfect Windows 95 application in Electron  

XtianEventsgh : #GHCE And He said. "Your faith has made you well; go in peace." -Luke 8:48 #GodisNOTDead 

#BeautyAndTheBeast #storytime is here! We have Belle in the crowd and some other princesses!… 

Day 21/90... Upped my game. As kevvyg112 says, "Stick to the products like glue and see what they… 

Let’s meet in Pittsburgh on April 11 - In preparation for Disrupt New York and our upcoming TC Sessions series... 

this bus gives me a headache every morning with its nasty ass smell  

NYC! CTSUTTER : Before suissejet was hacked when Aircraftshops Aircraftshop had a pipeline. Before call intercept … 

A fucking asshole, who lets their gf get raped, took the better road in the end, still don't like him even though h… 

New #job: Float Legal Secretary Location: Sydney CBD Salary: AU$70pa - AU$76pa ..  #people2people #jobs #hiring

BRIEF-Corbus Pharma outlines U.S. approval path for anabasum  #reuters 

The LeafLine Labs team is inspired by the grace, courage, and resilience we see in our patients each and every day. 

Today is BPH day! ASAP, Chillout, ASAP Chat online, YouTube Thanksgiving party!! More RussNiel Please!   

Way Maker, Miracle Worker,Promise Keeper, Light in the Darkness....That is who You are!! #LifeVoices #HeavenOnEarth

Bad babe jerking a tied up cock 

Malaysia-China Relations: Not China but we are the financially irresponsible and…  

Fred Couples birdies 3 of his first 5 holes to get within two at #TheMasters 

However, after 60 pages talking about her, I kind of don't want to look or think about her for the next two years

lol in high school if u don't walk with ur bf/gf to a class people automatically assume y'all broke up. #getalife. the answer is no.  

Doing some thinking and giving honor to God on a Saturday... #foodforthought #WeekendThoughts… 

Gotta' have a Sausage and Stout pizza on #NationalBeerDay! Made with Guinness Dough, Beer Sausage, Beer Salt, and a Gui… 

fucking idiots can't even rebound the ball this game is over

How many more horses will die at #grandnational2017 bout time it ended in my opinion it's animal cruelty

Liverpool XI vs. Everton: Mignolet; Clyne, Matip, Lovren, Milner; Lucas, Can, Wijnaldum; Mane, Firmino, Coutinho

Once more with feeling: if #SCOTUS #termlimits were already the law of the land there would have been no #Garland and #Gorsuch nonsense

#Call_Girls_in_Dubai for Sex - 00971505783457 Our team of friendly females is available for Outcall visiting your h… 

You've just passed your seated driver's ed class and now it's time to hit the road. You walk out and this is your d… 

Earth nature is scores more beautiful than that of my home planet. I will never regret my decision to come here.

Me at 12 with My Partner-in-Crime - why did my parents dress me like a college… 

I'm glad I don't follow fansites n put em in lists instead cuz im already confused with my following lmao

From the soul cousin, this ain't the time! Shoulda wished for more money cause now you ain't got a dime

Power flashes and damage are being reported on the northside of Goodman, moving over I-49. TAKE SHELTER NOW IF YOUR… 

BUT I SOON REALIZED THAT EFFICIENCY AND QUALITY NEED NOT COMPETE, AND TO SHORTEN THE PREP TIME, I EMBRACED THE TECH! AHH, SO STOKED  

You attack them, they attack back and you call them terrorist! Sad truth :/ :( Humanity? 

It's just a video of a bee idk why it's so difficult to post on social media...on snapchat the quality went down...… 

Red: Lizzy lets stand really close like we did in The Courier because we ended up drinking together at the end of t… 

#CMD2017 TB scenario: Tuck plays Schmiemann Kean plays Murphy Winners of the 2 above TBs play each other for last s… 

Now available at all three Harris Grill locations [Shady Side, Mt Washington, and Downtown- coming soon] #drinklocal… 

LMFAOOOOO! Hell yeah Sprint is terrible. 

I fucking hate how tired depression makes me feel.

His Wife Cut Off His Penis With A Kitchen Knife! Now He Is A Porn Movies Actor! 

Or He could be a Piru (some do flag to the left cuhz They don't claim to be bloods) Don't speak on anything you don… 

deadass y'all sleep on him for no reason he's a talented lil bean who deserves the world and everything it has to offer

My goodness. Former Cav Mike Dunleavy is draining everything tonight. He has 20 points. #Cavs #Hawks

I've just watched episode S01E04 of Sense8! #Sense8  

Leadoff walk by Golsan ends string of 10 retired by Mangum. He's replaced by Cole Gordon with #MSU ahead 2-1.

I really want you but you're basically taken now   ... — I dont even know who you are 

“There is one God and one mediator between God and humanity, the human Christ Jesus, who gave himself as a payment…” 

Resurrecting Detail In Challenging Images With Photoshop - Channel Blending -  #photoshop #photography

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

1 million elementary school teachers in Brazil will soon have their lessons on their phones 

Crazy gal got one cock for each hole in taxi - 

Mr. McCabe. You've been up to no good, haven't you? The road are all starting to lead to HRC, aren't they! 

V fed up with all these bands with girls in their name but actually consist of nothing but boring men

06:00 AM Current Temp: 9.1°C Wind: 1.0 mph Barometer: 1022.5hPa 3hr Trend: +1.1hPa Rain Today: 0.0mm Dewpoint: 7.2°C Dry

Trump's got me so fucked up, he's got me agreeing with ISIS. 

work tonight will be able to experience a day wait no i dont have time or brainspace for that right now oh my god

goodnight i am an idiot sandwich 

when somebody asks me why apostolic succession matters i'm just gonna play "Bad Bitch" and tell em they need to stop fuckin with the basics

fucking my bbw wife doggy over the bed 

"When you photograph people in colour, you photograph their clothes. But when you photograph… 

#gif #you  fox, vacation, grandfathered, 106, boundaries, gerald's two dads, im on vacation,… 

I'm so good at stalking Jesus Christ I should major in criminal justice cause YO GIRL CAN INVESTIGATE FLAWLESSLY

You want the ability to be free from other people's demands to... More for Aquarius 

Identify the steps in your systems that are causing problems.  

A TORNADO WARNING has been issued for Suffolk. Details on air and on  #13StormMode 

Use in salads, Thai soup and bubble and squeak for a delicious, healthy #SimpleSupper #MyNeffKitchen

#WeLoveLA #NHLDucks Flames forward Bennett hopes to catch that playoff fever  #SportsRoadhouse

Laying in bed watching videos on chicken fried rice and I just fucked up... I'm fucking starving!

One thing my husband and I do agree on: my mom is so mean. Lol like that shit does not change overnight.

I have told this to my Granddaughter Rose McNall and she agree`s, love what you do..... 

Appeals court says lesbian former adjunct can sue Ivy Tech for bias based on sexual orientation 

Customer got crunk with me so I kicked him out the office. Got me totally fucked up

look at him just LOOK AT HIM he is so SOFT its RIDICULOUS how much i LOVE him i even started CAPITALIZING for EMPHA… 

Bumgarner has homered more frequently than all but 16 position players since 2014. 

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

HOW THE FUCK DO THESE EVEN FUCKING STAY CONNECTED TO BOOBS?!?! its been fucking with me for weeks! is there like su… 

WHAT IS FAMILY. WHAT IS A FRIEND. I'm so fucking done with everyone       

because in that moment if i had told them when i told the school someone sexually assulted me and they didnt do anything would they believe?

Nothing better than getting rid of dead weight. I'm on my way up, you held me back long enough. Now you can watch from a distance.

FBI Agent Feels Unsafe – Does Trump Loyalty Lie With Putin Or U.S...  by #Bipartisanism via… 

Champagne flower petals, khaki rose petals, taupe, flax, flower girl petals, alternative..  #bridal #handmade

Why do girls choose the bad boy type of guys man? I mean, in real life indi sya bla sadya charot hahahaha find a decent one. Charot again

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

I really fucking hate u omg D':<!!!! 

York Police investigating fatal shooting in Vaughan #TODAY  

even satan is fucked up from reading this tweet. 

My head is like: "go to sleep you deep shit" and it goes "don't sleep you have a test tomorrow, need to finish prep" So now what?

Sharktopus vs. Whalewolf (2015) Full Movie Watch Online Free Download HD Print 

They don't look to happy to be here. Such internal struggle in one guys face. #trump #nyc 

Conor McGregor's Coach: We're Training For Mayweather Fight … 'I Believe It's Gonna Happen This Year' (VIDEO) 

Arl FD confirming one person ejected during the crash, patient is in critical condition 

this fucking article doesn't even know sakito is a person I'm laughing I cannot

#Repurposed plastic bottles make nice pencil cases. #DIY  

You're on a roll today and everything you encounter seems to a... More for Leo 

I thought it shirt said "hey dads" or something. ALSO U HAVE THAT LITTLE NOCE THING ON UE NOSE 

Guns in America: Arkansas responds to the backlash to its new concealed carry law  

Idc I care for people who I used to be so close to. Once I'm close to someone I'm always close to them no matter if we fade or not.

PM of Canada has a brain in his fucking skull, wish he could have brought this up to Trump -_- 

EXAIR Industrial Vacs-air operated…reliable, durable, and quiet. Free Vac-u-Gun w/qualifying order! 

Are men just stupid or do they just not give a fuck

In case anyone is mad about the decision. Evgeny actually has more to play for in GR. Better hockey at his point… 

Who's downtown and wanna buy me a coffee and food bc Wells Fargo is fucking me

Rotorua: falcons and other birds: My amiable and gracious hosts in Rotorua are Geoffrey Cox, a terrific artist who… 

As a kid, chicken nuggets always came with honey. Always. Trying to order that today has gotten me some really stra… 

Picked up 1st win today vs Atlantic City. Dan Wright shot a match low 38 (+4). Tim Wright(39) Josh DeMaio(39) and Jack Beck(40) also scored.

Chain-drinking hot beverages to make up for the lack of emotional and spiritual warmth in my life ;(

WEAREBULLETPROOF parei — I'm fucking bulletproof 

Hardcore bitch pussy fisting and anal fucking POV 

Manipur Govt and the Centre need to take judicious steps to ensure no counter agitations erupt now -will they? — HM…

If she log onto Twitter first thing 1.) You didnt hit it right playboi 2.) She can't wait to brag about it

"Nigga nigga bitch nigga nigga, Nigga fried chicken nigga watermelon nigga, Bitch nigga" - Mahatma Ghandi

i doubt this is the only money she has lol if it does that makes komaeda much richer than her 

Stunning cast headed by Mark Ruffalo and Danny De Vito in this brilliant rarely performed Arthur Miller  B+ 

We need some way to co-opt 'end free movement' to argue for ending the free movement of capital instead.

You can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo... More for Virgo 

I want to buy less and that means better quality but how do you assess good quality clothing? Let's take a look a... 

Now that I'm rewatching #CrimeScene for the 3rd time and I usually remember who the killer is at some point, it's really frustrating   #크라임씬

#farting while anal mom and daughters fucking 

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive Profile: Those who follow their dreams!  #TreCru 

Two Rivers (0-10) played all games on road last yr when army worms destroyed its new Bermuda grass. In-depth preview coming in #2017Hootens

This has been a great Wrestlemania but man this is seriously up there with the worst ever main events

You can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo... More for Virgo 

Besiege’s building-destruction sim gets multiplayer and level editor  via #Globalbuzzlive 

Worst fucking week. I want to be on an island. Like 80% seriousness 20% laughing at the situations I've been in. 

Her: Shut up ugly Me: what I'll bEAT yo ass Her: oh mah gawd.. 

Trump, Putin meeting could mend deteriorating relationship, Kremlin spokesman says 

Bitches out here fucking for a bag of coke     bitch get a grip

husband just went 69 mph in a 50 zone just so he could point at the speedometer and wink at me. 15 years and going strong.

#NowPlaying Ty Dolla Sign - Paranoid ft BoB on WRTR Real Talk Radio! LIVE Now: 

Alike: 1) part of a race that created scary things 2) fancy outfits 3) my real name starts w/ T Not: 1) human 2) t… 

New post on my blog:    … 

Social activities may be on the calendar today, but you aren't... More for Virgo 

Growlithe  (4/11/14, Bite / Body Slam) has appeared! Available until 12:41:54 (28m 54s)(7th/MainSt/Iave). 

Still trying to figure out why Klopp went with a back 5 at home to Bournemouth when we were dominating. We can't protect leads, why change??

Who is this IDIOT appointed Secretary of State? (besides "Wayne Tracker") Could not possibly be more worthless. 

Please RT #interiordesign #homedecor #decoration My Recent On Line Marks and Spencer Splurge! - Blue Checks,.. 

I miss my college , I miss my people , I just fucking miss everyone .

Am I the only one who walks into a room and if someone on your f/l doesn't say hi delete them? LMAOOOOOOOO

me in my pop culture class: I DON'T WANT ANY COLLABORATORS SO DON'T ASK ppl probably: lmao who wants to talk about esports anyways

04-02 Agricultural fields and a Christ’s Thom or Ziziphus...  

He's a gremlin from the underworld I hate his devil ass 

just saw some guy in a gas station parking lot with a four loko in one hand and a bud light in the other and that's how i'm trying to be rn

Winter prepares the ground For spring green. Spring stages the earth For summer scene. 

PADDYPOWER-16/1 Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool all to win,new customers,winnings paid in free bets + TandC's apply… 

Guys, PLEASE stop posting where your kids go to daycare on FB! I've seen a few people do this and I clicked on the page and saw the address!  

That's just like people who buy fine chicks nice stuff and go out of they way for em and still get left in the friend zone.She don't owe you

➵ completely empty. "Aww, I arrived far too early again. . ." She pouted and got up, looking for some way to pass the time as the seats ➵

This bus smells like stinky feet! Fuck my life!!   

#VenusTube Hitchhiker fucked in the woods  

LOL there is an emergency protest in Union Square today at 6:30 against Hillary/Trump or just Trump idk whos on what side anymore

Not that I'm against plastic surgery but some expectations for people esp women cannot be achieved with a fucking treadmill and squats

ow would all. Reading without culture the faces like you. Beboldforchange womeninfilm gendermatters boarddiversity. #feminismus

Information related to capturance and boundaries in the Arena is limited to which we mean any of them in the United States and today.

Ashley Young: People have stopped questioning this Manchester United star  

We're gonna set up something fun after we close today! Keep an eye out on Twitter AND Instagram! 

oomfs lil no name thing fucked up n it looks like a question mark

Biltong, Beer, Salt and Vinegars crisps.... Sorted then, don't talk to me for the next 2 hours. Come on Red Men! #LFC

haaa it really all just comes down to me not wanting to disappoint and me feeling like im good enough > . >

I'm never experimenting with any Vodka or any alcohol till I die but I'm sure you'll have fun 

Emotional, kneejerk reactions are understandable but should not be acted upon because they are irrational and can l… 

4/4/2017 Time: 04:03 Temp: 10.2 C Barometer: 1020.0 hPa Wind From: WSW at 6.9 mph Rain today: 0.0mm

A woman dies in stampede in front of Kattakada Taluk office. 1000s of people had gathered to submit requests on funds promised by LDF govt

A152 Faceted Ruby, Red Coral and 925 Silver Overlay Bracelet 8" Gemstone Jewellery  

It feels like because I want so many things.. Everything is just so out of reach. It's so frustrating, I know it's all in my head

What a fucked up view on war......... 

i don't even work full time, but the amount of work i do at my job sure makes it feel like a full time job.  

BolkyaResha â€“ Bolkya Resha, HasyaResha, Hasyachitra, Marathi Comedy Cartoons | Bolkya Resha marathi comedy… 

today was the first day of spring break and it was an emotional rollercoaster. why is everything so irritating

ever had that one girl??? That like refuses to let go of the one time you fucked up??? And it's been like ages??? Move on w your life??

Barely heading home now, gonna be home in like an hour. 5k Prime team assembled. Let's hope UMG isn't pulling an April Fool's Prank lol

LIVE FROM BIEL - our exhibitors are setting up for tomorrow. Looking forward to welcoming you to the 24th edition... 

Did some heavy duty grocery SYOPING today but this has got to be my fav . Only $4.50 

Some fucking bitch almost FUCKING HIT ME WITH HER CAR .

Cute Sweet WordPress The Cute and Sweet theme is aimed towards a baby, children, maternity, candy, sweets, craft, sc… 

DO WE EVER GET FUCKING PENALTIES?!? FUCKKKKK ME. #CHEPAL

Big Tits Round Asses / Lucy Li – Lucy Li’s Giant Tits  

  whydocowsfallart: My fellow space-loving asexuals! I wanted some cool ace stuff so I made a logo for... 

Panel II "Relationship Dynamics in Startups: Early Stage to Exit" Notice two of our PIs on the panel, Judith James… 

2. Choose your 11 favorite members by clicking their pictures (must choose 11) 3. Click "투표하기" (vote) 

Nasty femdom slut gets a cumshot 

Paki actually has me believing in these things    the ones about my exes and I were spot on 

HuffyGamerNews: (FIFA17) in a min. I'll be sellin' Manolas (84CB Greek Chem.) for Bid 4,100 and 8,000 BuyItNow FIFA Coins if u r interested?

You need people like me, So you can point your fucking fingers and say "that's the bad guy"  

#PowerRangers was worth the watch. When remade correctly, the nostalgic moments are appreciated more than usual.

Having fun playing #CSRRacing for Windows, why not join me for FREE?  

#ass fucking men bollywood girlsfucking 

New video (Boys Gay Porn Males Very First Time Bareback ...) has been published on porn ... -  #porn #tits #smut #ass

Because the Chicago soccer media has atrophied to the point where there's almost no one left?… 

'I'm boiling with anger': 97-year-old Nuremberg prosecutor won't give up on peace 

Passenger jet approaching Heathrow in drone 'near-miss'  #London 

Harrowing, troublesome, poignant are a few words that can be used to describe our new Stage West production, DOG SE… 

Ben Casnocha and Erik Torenberg are raising a $50M investment fund -  

#FUNNY Yes, Jewel Realizes That Ann Coulter Burn Is No Longer Funny - Huffington Post… 

I am so so so so so damn homesick lately i hate it /(

I wish i still had emily's number so i could text her STD infested hoe ass that i hate her every morning at 8:00 AM. Id do that for life

So fucking majestic, no one can handle me 

Actually obsessed with cleaning my room n throwing stuff out, im go end up with nothing but a bed n 20 blankets

If success is not free, then pay with hard work, prayer and surrender to the gods who have given a very big favor.

"I can chase another day. Fight you all the way, Like a hero..." (Crush 40, Sonic Heroes Theme) #SonicMusicBot

We know what kind of man #Jaejoong is and how much he care for us, can I ask everyone pls delete the girl in coma image, we must protect her

Waisay IK k CoAS k democracy k favour main honey ki statement k bad to NS ki tabyt thk honi chahye. Ya phir the meeting news done its damage

A quick and easy way to stabilize your mood swings is to relen... More for Cancer 

COASTAL Photography - WYCHMERE HARBOR, Cape Cod Photo, Massachusetts…  #Photo #WychmereHarbor 

And those whose pasttime it is to make the midnight mushrumps that rejoice to hear the solemn bell 

all my bitches bad, you'll never see me around ugly females  

write Arabic book in the effects of the body activities in the education to decrease the school violence . we need… 

**#ModeS positionless MLAT traffic** LIVE: UK airspace at 1130 UTC #ADSBTweetBot 

Remember: When #God is in your mission, destinations come to fruition. Stay #encouraged. #God bless you

I complain as well. Fucking cunts smh 

Busty granny fucking and sucking her toy boy 

Mountie facing criminal charges after 3 'serious and sensitive' investigations 

THIS IS THE BEST!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH      you're so great im so blessed I know u 

Clinical Impact of Hybrid Capture–Based Next-Generation Sequencing on Changes in Treatment Decisions in #LungCancer… 

Exhausting is okay. It means you're in the game. You're on the way up and you're not on the way down. - Lee Rosen #quote

Katie Morgan in a Frathouse Fucking Foursum 

Revealing Arsenal future now would be 'an own goal' – Wenger  via todayng 

Most states are pushing private school choice bills, but some are faltering.  

Liver numbers are back to normal. I'm what I would call 80%, I still wear out more quickly than… 

In the “I hate being right” category. My stocks in water and water-rel. services are doing well. Nope, nothing to b… 

Govts historically undervalue nutrition. Here's why we must hold world leaders to account  #GlobalAg

Today, a person had the audacity to question what even would make me attractive. Between my white skin and eloquence in speech .. idk

She's just stopping by One quick drink "Hello, Goodbye" The one who got away Didn't even try to make her stay

Patrons: next update and rewards will be up tomorrow! Thanks for your ongoing support, it's seriously helping so much. 

jotaro wont run away from people he just hisses and scratches/bites. not even because he feels rly threatened he just doesnt want to move

Can my ex-spouse make me watch my child? Ask a Lawyer has the answer!  

Friends, Read the April Edition of Persistence Works E-Newsletter and Make Plans to Succeed!  

Mom of 7 year old transplant recipient says donating organs is "the last selfless act you can do.” #Donorweek2017 

You might end up in a heated exchange with someone close to yo... More for Scorpio 

Strong and ductile age-hardening Mg-Al-Ca-Mn alloy that can be extruded as fast as aluminum alloys… 

..GUESS WHERE BEFORE WE ARE THERE.. The lad and I are on a road trip today. If you can guess where we are going... 

Punk busty girl fucked in the backseat 

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Wireless Door Chime, Cambond House Door Bell Kit..." by Cambond.  #giveaway

Stimtastic Chewable Silicone Star Pendant Necklace Nontoxic BPA and Phthalate  

Right??Thought i was the only one..cause every1 seems so hyped about it.everything about it is so average.rooms,bed… 

Welcome Spring 2017 Business/Civic Leadership Forum participants to the start of Session I in #Galveston!… 

Weird. It's almost like... politicians are just assholes that say what you want to hear for power... Nah. That'd be… 

9 College Students Reveal The Craziest Thing That Ever Happened In Their Fraternity Or Sorority. 

#wwwhongkongnudegirls fucking web sites 

Brunette nurse gets fucked and jizzed 

I'm taking about the notorious ones..Like that Eastleigh chap nasikia amekuwa akiterrorize watu vibaya hiyo place. 

"Zero is where everything starts! Nothing would ever be born if we didn't depart from there!" -Shinichi Kudo to Ran Mouri

Sports News>> " Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha accused of disrespect " 

＠tos #午後８時３分  March 31, 2017 at 12:37AM x

The weather's getting nicer in #nyc which means it's finally time to brush the dust off of your #bikes and reduce... 

Do you mean you have to obtain the doughnut today or is the follow thing just today and get a future freebie anytim… 

These Women Tried To Orgasm In Three Minutes Using The Womanizer And Holy O-Face It Was Amazing 

QT >> MSDF officer attempts suicide aboard destroyer Takanami  

7 Irish Castles for the Ultimate St. Patricks Day Celebration | Slideshow  #SmartMoney

New video tonight AYYYYYYY be on the look out       All I got to say is I'm back on my old shit    

Sanctuary City Mayor Battles Tucker: Policing ‘Easy For White Men Like Us’ (Video)... 

Please see today's release on future President-elects releasing tax returns:  

Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame 2017: See All The Induction Speeches For Tupac, Pearl Jam, Journey, And More! 

I hate you... and I love you! It's like I want to throw you off a cliff, then rush to the bottom to catch you!    

I will post more updates soon!  #crowdfunding #LaReunion #science #botany Just 6 days left! We need your help! 

I always disregard my girl crushes (prob bc I've been conditioned to disregard my bisexuality) but the more I think bout her the more

This Teen Mom Posted To Facebook Seconds After Throwing Her Newborn Out Of A Window 

just want somebody to slay my fucking head before my boyfriend birthday and my hairstylist on vacay in Paris   

The Walking Dead Season 3 Episode 3 Review - Don't End There (Spoilers) - CreepScore  

I can never let someone in like I let her. She had my better half. I'll never get let anyone see my best again. Hope your happy

I posted another naked photo. ! Let's have a chat -  

As Islamic extremism grows in Latin America, some want Trump to take action | 

Like this post and I'll pm you a name. You'll go back here and state how you feel about that person. The name will stay between us. Game?

“Friendship is born at that moment when one man says to another: "What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . ."

Dr Donnie Preval SHS class of 2010 delivers keynote address at SHS College and Career Day from 9-12 

I'm watching Kingdom Hearts BBS videos and ugh Terra makes me so fucking pissed

'You've earned the right not to have to explain yourself to anyone, and time for yourself now'. -Mum. XX

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

Shepherds, are we being a "Christ Like" example to the Flock? Ponder On These Verses: I Peter 5:1-5 IT TAKES HUMILI… 

A quick and easy way to stabilize your mood swings is to relen... More for Cancer 

#JamesComey will turn out to be the hero in this whole thing. Time to Save the Republic! #Trumprussia

It's April Fools Day. Assume all news is fake today. Yeah. Like THAT should be a problem. #MAGA3x#DRAINtheSWAMP#freeMILO    

Known for his great scoring ability and as the greatest player in Greek history, we welcome ARISBCgr legend Nick Galis. #17HoopClass

Y'all cam try and contort yourselves trying to justify that trash Pepsi ad if you want. That just ain't my ministry. 

Must survive until easter. Must survive until easter. Must survive until easter #uniiskillingme 

living for this pic of me and max at fucking rupaul 

Little Scrot, just managed to nip his own knackers and screamed the house down. In the meantime I'll lick my own arse and laugh at him  

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

Stockholm attack: Man in custody likely driver of truck that hit pedestrians  

Long day at church. A lot of leadership changes we have to tackle in the upcoming months. Praying for guidance from the Holy Spirit...

Tired of Android constantly telling you what traffic is like nearby? Here's how to turn those notifications off:… 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Lawrence and Richland County in IL until 4:45pm CDT. #tristatewx #ILWX

for HP Pavilion DM4 DM4-2100 DM4T-2100 series 642732-001 HM65 i3 2330M laptop Motherboard fully tested 

Only things missing from this #glamourshot are some 80s neon lasers in the background and a few more lens flares.… 

I miss living in California. I miss the weather, I miss the beach I miss surfing with my family I miss the chill people. i wanna move back

I just want my JD so I can tell everyone, "I'm a fucking lawyer bro."

DOST_PAGASA: "Public Weather Forecast Issued at 5:00 AM April 03, 2017 DOST-PAGASA Weather Forecaster: Sheilla Rey… 

hate wanting to do something but not knowing how to fucking do it

Huge fleet of icebergs hits North Atlantic shipping lanes  

Found a Transponder Snail! Famed Pirate Hunter captured! Exclusive shots!!  #TreCru 

People are fucking pissing me off. Had a "friend" on FB think I was joking when I told others about FIL's death. He thought it was AF's joke

I'm tied cause no y'all copy like a fucking copy machine nawww flaw ass 

#virgo men and women are go getters, however they're also fucking nuts

'Peter O’Mahony, Dave Kilcoyne and Keith Earls are all expected to be introduced to full training this week' 

if you notice me start to act different or distant.. it's bc i peeped something you did or i notice a difference in how you act and ian fw it.

"One of the biggest challenges we can face in life is forgiveness." #20DaySpiritualJumpstart 

#CabinetReshuffle Holomisa: I don't have confidence in Malusi Gigaba. His close proximity to the Gupta's is questionable.

TOPSHOP MOTO Women's Super Rip Jaime Jeans Size W28 To FitL32 Color Black  

Where there is no faith in the future there is no power in the present - John Maxwell #TheBestIsYetToCome #believeinabettertomorrow #dream

I dunno, probably gettin' fucked in the ass or somethin'.

" I have no problem being called Benny! Just don't call my Ben 10. Or else You'll meet with a terrible fate. You cocky bitch.. " #Bot

Egypt's authoritarian-minded president gets a warm White House welcome (LA Times) 

I would like to wish ALL School's, Teachers, Parents and Dancers the VERY best of Luck in the days ahead at your... 

After their careers, thousands of racing greyhounds R killed or sold 4 experiments  #StopGreyhoundTorture

RPSC 2nd Grade Teacher Admit Card 2017 - 2018 RPSC 2nd Grade Teacher Hall Ticket Download, Exam Date… 

Chocolate covered Oreo Recipe in Hindi by Cooking with Smita – Chocolate-Dipped Oreo  #Chocolate

People are STILL trying to defend the hypocritical Trump, whose under investigation by the FBI for TREASON. Bewildering.

Severe Storms Underway in South; Tornadoes Reported in Georgia, Alabama  #hot #news 

"White House lawyers last month learned that the former national security adviser Susan Rice requested the... 

For my sisters... #ImperfectPerfection Please like and share! Thanks In Advance! 

Fergie Duhamel - Daily Front Row's 3rd Annual Fashion Los Angeles Awards held at the Sunset Tower Hotel 02.04.2017 

It seems like there are lots of different flowers that are technically spider lilies but only one type looks correct

Young Doctor Diagnosed With A Death Sentence Hopes To Cure Himself -- Before It's Too Late  

'Junior Recruiters' (m/f) wanted in Zagreb, Croatia -> apply here  #HR #recruiting

Every girl has its own beauty. Beauty for me is having an inner power and being confident of… 

Triple Talaq Important, Will Hear It During Summer Vacation, Says Supreme Court 

how many times is too many to repeat the same song??? its probably less since i'm listening to it on vinyl and have to keep resetting it

hello god, the universe, higher power. pls bless me with this storm so i won't have to leave my house today so i can catch up on sleep  ty

Before You Bash Trump, There’s One MAJOR Thing To Know About Missile Strike  

Found this while cleaning out the new office. 365 Day Devotional. God ain't through with me yet!… 

Whenever you visit a website your browser hands over a user agent, a text string which tells the site about ...… 

LIVE: Voting to confirm SCOTUS nominee Neil Gorsuch could happen at any moment. Watch live here:… 

I should be an advert for GHD Straighteners Curly hair where? MY HAIR LOOKS SO DIFFERENT WHEN I STRAIGHTEN IT 

#zaqaraGO : Mr Robert K.C.Chin, the General Manager of China Airlines (Malaysia Branch) strikes a post with the ca… 

#DraftBernie ppl mite wanna wake up and realize that Bernie is still the same dude who ENDORSED THE PERSON WHO STOLE the D primary Same dude

PSA: if you haven't checked your blood group and/or genotype for yourself as an adult, do it asap. Do not rely on what you've been told.

Join the Simon team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Simon #FacilitiesMgmt #Jacksonville… 

Vitamins Sale Today - Everyday Free Shipping -  Our Lowest Prices. Shop America's #1 Catalog… 

IM FUCKING SICK OF THESE PORN BOTS LIKING MY TWEETS. TWITTER GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

People screaming in the streets instead of just talking normally to get attention on themselves to distract from lack of discernible talents

this is some weird shit first a fake dispatch acc posts it then a jeongyeon korean stan twt acc posts them but Where are they from

Flirt and Hookup with Sexy Local Singles! Sign up - it's free!  

Every time I scroll pass this tweet I think it's Anthony Chico Bean from Wild N Out     ‍ 

Thy are stranglers just grab thy heads and throw the big yellow one and open the door u good 

What Happened to Carrot Top? Looking Back on His Career and Seeing Where He Is Now  

Fuck if it wasn't so cold that was gone. Have a bad feeling Sox are gonna lose 1-0.

Thank you for a great morning! We hope you enjoyed coding as much as we do   

Pepsi cans Kendall Jenner protest ad amidst massive internet outcry - CNET  #Tech 

Contrary to Spin, Trump Slashing Energy Jobs With New Executive Order -  Stop letting the conman sucker you! #GPUSA

A dog walks upright into a bar packing a side arm, cowboy hat, vest. "I wanna know who shot my paw!" #wednesdaywisdom

Scientific research is also fun. Research/write first, direct using iPad. Research, writing, tech. Love it… 

Fucking Colback.. I'd rather have a one legged Hayden over the mackem cunt.

I would not live like Pence. But you are an idiot if you think environment and character are separate from each oth… 

LOL! I swear (yes, I do) that the Dems, RINOs, media and some voters are playing Sit 'N Spin on each other's um, baby-making tool.

Man sunrises are really pretty. I think this is the first time I've ever been up early enough to see one

Please RT if you like!! #architecture #design #architects #interiordesign Sivas Stadium / Bahadir Kul. 

3Novices:'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Multiplayer Is Messed Up And The Patch Made It Worse  Yesterday, Mass Effect: And…

Its not about going to church or being around other believers. Its about our personal relationship with Jesus. 

i finished my clannah edit but it's so fucking ugly bc the twitter acc posted laggy episodes 

They act like it's fucking fireworks!! 

1st Video Published! Watch it... it's cute... I swear!! #Actraiser #SNES #retrogaming 

i was so happy to escape the bugs of florida but house centipedes give me the fear that most florida bugs did, combined together :-/

Update: Missing boy, Stanthorpe A 13-year-old boy missing from Pozieres near Stanthorpe has been located safe... 

Don Goodman 'I know Chris Wood was fouled, but I still think he over-hits his pass' Just fuck off Don Goodman #lufc

#tbt To Alma College during a St. Patricks day Tea. This photo was taken in 1965. Thank you Elgin County Archives f… 

GIVE HARRY STYLES ALL OF THE STARS THE MOON THE SUN THE FLOWERS YOUR HEART THE WORLD FUCK GIVE HIM EVERYTHING HE DESERVES IT ALL!!!

43-yr-old father throws alcohol-fueled party for his daughter’s high school friends, rapes 1 of them multiple times 

no one else in the fucking universe likes trans girl fox

#natalie portman fucking mom caught daughter having sex 

I s2g this girl I work with is SO FUCKING STUPID AND LACKS SO MUCH COMMON SENSE I CANT WITH HER ANYMORE

All the challenges you face will make you even more stronger, wiser and better. #motivation #challengeaccepted 

feel like there's going to be a season 2 of 13 Reasons Why but this time it's going to be Tyler shooting up the school and his reasons why 

See our latest #Wilmington, DE #job and click to apply: Registered Nurse Full-Time (Newport) Wilmington, DE - 

If you say tomahawk missile three times in the mirror a masturbating trump supporter magically appears

The 70's was so god damn out there crazy. Ballet Zoom "Equilibrio" 

No pink: Why Ferraris only come in red, yellow, white, etc.  

'Save Cork City' urge public to make views known to OPW before tomorrow's deadline 

Stolee named human resources director at North Shore Bank of Commerce #hr #bhivelabs 

When you up that's when they want to turn up on you. That's why I got trust issues I got trust issues

Lil mama give him everything I ain't scared of nothing   But sucking dick   It look terrible

Help Desk Technician - San Francisco, CA 94612 , US #jobs #San Francisco pls RT: 21Tech is looking for a Help Desk… 

My crew did bad ass today despite the wind, we are there to make money fuck the wind  

Why whenever in life you're succeeding and your to the cusp of success there's always someone trying very hard to hold you back? #jealousy

i wanna fucking unfriend those persons on facebook that are posting their hugots and jokes about the earthquake  

On the Golf Course Oro Valley Homes Ian Taylor Long Realty  

me: looks at playlist live dc just for kicks *tickets are reasonably priced, i could probably meet julien, jenna and others* me:      

Not looking good, best wishes to the supporters in their battle for control. 

OMG! Passengers Travelling For Matriculation In Imo State Involved In Ghastly Motor Accident (Pics) 

REPORT: Coach Ty Lue : Kyle Korver played tonight against the Orlando Magic and did very well. And… 

It's just like the cruise to Nowhere! Just the white trash GOP is hanging on! 

tom j tweeted one of my mutuals that's fucking crazy omg

SO FUCKING PISSED THEN HE GOES AND TELL ME "joke lang, kambing yan" WELL PUTA SIR

That bitch wanted to save Cyrus sissy ass that bad

Have a good ride !!!!   (with Vincent and Jefry at Jl. Raya Pakem-cangkringan) [pic] — 

Fucking around with that pizza, man i feel so bad   

//ok so why is it completely acceptable for a man to go out without a shirt while we women not only have to wear a shirt but a bra

Asks for evidence, changes it to scientific evidence, can't figure out how he moved the goal post and why I lecture… 

{Husband cheats on his wife contracts HIV virus from mistress and kills her in revenge (photos, video) 

Klavan, u look like s burglar ffs u stupid Estonian cunt

remember being a teen. my mom didn't care how I came home, as long as it was before midnte. if 1 min after hell hath fury.

As a flower cannot choose the place it blooms, neither can a child choose their parents…A friend like you knows nothing

Do you know who are awesome? My 7 new followers in the last week! Growing with 

Did you at least hit the "woof" button for that fucking retard? 

it's so annoying when your friends go out and are like 'aw you should of come' um well i would of if i got a fucking invite

If I were a self-appointed pastor with no oversight or accountability, I'd want my people to believe protest was wr… 

Me: *trying to figure out a name for that robot pin bc I might as well submit it to Curio Mill* Brain: Third Eye Evil Eye or Talisman Friend

osmond real estate cook book paperback baking recipes 2001 rare  

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Gave Dotson with the CG shutout for Hickman County. Also drove in the games only run!… 

Before graduation I need to see Daniel Bugs do the guitar solo for Whole Lotta Love a few more times

Blighty is now truly BLIGHTED, with black Mobile Tents aka Burqa, the most depressing sight on Earth, hide Lawful C… 

"The business of business is relationships; the business of life is human connection"  Robin S. Sharma 

Never seen so many people get upset about me supporting and informing people of natural ways to change their life. Lol.

Have you voted today,no procrastination.Please bringing in your votes for our guy #TeamEfe #bbnaija 

#Jordan #RookieCard ($300) #MichaelJordan Gold/ 2003 Lebron James Rookie Redemption Gem Mint 10 Lot… 

Bootylicious ebony GF gets fucked and creampied 

We've got only one of two players in the squad playing today who has what it takes to up the game when it's needed the most.

TWD spoilers // Damn yeah it is painful seeing Sasha as a walker. I decided to just stay out and watch the episode with dad. RIP Sasha.

shoutout to whoever is prank calling the guys on the basketball team from a blocked number saying you're me  YOU ARE WEIRD! Grow uppp.

Reports say ATMs have no cash since Wednesday andif I to the bank it's ltd number of transactions before I get penalised 4 using my money

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

Cash for College Textbooks Nebraska  Please ReTweet #usedbooks #textbooks #selltextbooks #amazontextbooks

Bombing Syria in retaliation to bombing.....hmmm....all I'll say is its a good job we have a POTUS willing to welcome refugees.....oh wait.

Here's a little taste of some of the things that happened while I was away from social media… 

I've gotten into the slime crazy! I'm currently working on galaxy slime... What's your… 

But ever since I met Sarah my mind has completely changed because Hawaii raised such a beautiful person so it must be such a beautiful place

i fucking hate when people assume i'm weak because i'm a girl

Honeoye Falls, NY Weather: 04/07/17 16:17 PM: pressure 1002.8mb rain last hour 0.00inches rain since midnight 0.18inches rain last 24

masturbating fucking playing 

Corrupt. We must have an independent special prosecutor for the #Trump #Russia scandal 

TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHICH EMOTICONS WOULD BE THE MOST IRONIC BC KAOMOJI IS TO BE EXPECTED FROM ME IVE USED n_n AND :3 MANY TIMES B4

#hottest amateurs 4 raven riley hardcore fucking 

thank u to everyone who's messaged me. and everyone who's seen my crazy ass lately. I am so thankful

Do you know ur 1 smile can make 100 peoples die, so u can decrease this over population, so , please keep on smiling 

If that was Cena he wouldn't of fucked up that tombstone counter into a tombstone, Vince. #Wrestlemania

Wait...Miami IPF only 80 yds??? Richt couldn't fund the rest to make it an official football field???      

Just spent a whole 20k(imaginary money) on a home studio.. And used the last 3$ 2 get some flowers n a gift card for YA BIHH.

Sometimes we need to be reminded that we are spiritual beings having a human experience. TANNER ForStarMusic TMI

Gender and Women’s Economic Empowerment is the key theme for a 2 day training that UWONET has organised for her members and partners.

Fucked Gortat All Da Way Up 

It's important to keep in mind that I'm talking about the "free hate", when the person in question did nothing against you.

Zags should have had ball at 49.1 seconds. Ref missed Meek touching ball and OB at same time. Big blown call.#UnitedWeZag

When you at a open bar and get 10% beers tryna strategize but end up getting drunk sooner than expected <<

Would you like to speak at #LITE2017? Call for speakers is now open!  #EdTech #speaking

Report: Android surpasses Windows as world's most popular OS for web browsing 

God blesses me daily now I take my talents to Philly #HumbleupandBALLOUT what I'm living by EVERYDAY #Grindin  

the INFO nerds - Overall Best Student in WASSCE Denied Admission -  

I just want to say thank god for health insurance. I have been to the ER three times and had emergency mouth surgery all within a year.

NowPlaying <i>Empty Title</i> - <i>Empty Title</i>  17:31

Checking out "Fast clustering algorithms for massive datasets" on Big Data News: 

Wrongly not awarded penalties in Real Madrid and Barcelona games this season : BARÇA: (12) Opponent: (3) REAL MADRI… 

Re: healthcare, Roche says Utahns are used to seeing compromise—not dropping the issue and moving on when something fails #HinckleyReport

Just announced: Bill Converse will play on 3 turntables at RS94109 in San Francisco on Thursday April 13th 6pm-12am… 

Check out Day Camp Counselor in (#Renton, WA) #Day Camp Counselor #YMCA of Greater Seattle Join our cause and ... 

Elf Stor Deluxe Green Christmas Tree with 800 Clear Lights 7.5' Tall  

El Salvador makes history as first nation to impose blanket ban on metal mining 

HOLD TF UPP!!! THIS BITCH LOOKS FUCKEN BOMB FOR PROM HOLY BABY JESUS CHRIST! YOU GO BEST FRIEND DAS MY BEST FRIEND!… 

THIS VIDEO IS SO FUCKING FUNNH 

Some of y'all lives don't even be bad..y'all jus either ungrateful or just don't know how to put things in perspective

Lascivious dilettante mature i'd like to fuck fingering her bawdy cleft and cumming 

That's because you were baby girl!!!!! <3 Amazing job hosting the red carpet!!! 

How the Meadow Well estate is remembered - but not defined - by the 1991 riots 

Some scholars state that there are scientific information In the #Quran which agrees with modern science #ep3_MandS 

One year ago I almost died, but the world can't Fucking get rid of me.   

Like and share this tip to increase the capacity of your RVs freshwater tank! 

MY SKIN IS CLEAR. MY CROPS ARE THRIVING. MY GRADES ARE UP. I HAVE 20/20 VISION. THE SUN IS SHINING. IM NOT SAD ANYM… 

Look man, back in the days of SABC 3 news i will stay up for Lerato Mbele, not only because she was pretty but because she was flowing.

ANCYL president welcomes downgrade. Ladies and gentlemen, remember no matter how fucked you think your lives are, you are not Collen Maine.

provisional arrangements for disbursing oil revenues from the Development Fund for Iraq …”244 438. Mr Straw attached a revised IPU

Alhamdulillah. 4 of my photographs from Single categories and 1 story has been shortlisted in Siena International P… 

DEAL OR NO DEAL #14-Cutest Little Bunny Hair Bow Choose no slip clip or stretchy headband,READY TO SHIP! MAKE ME... 

I'm deleting the following people on my Facebook as I don't interact with them or I am not fond of their recent... 

Show pitch: Swear Lodge- Standup Comics go naked and blue roasting each other in a sweat lodge. A heart attack of laughs! #TowelJokes

One sighting of Rob and Twigs in LA and all the crazy fake fans on here causing drama..... 

Pretty clear nothing in the media can be believed. All they do is track down the narrative provided them by #dnc #sad

SCHED_DEADLINE: ongoing development and new features Watch Video:  #Power-management #sched-deadline

#Win some adidas Ultra Boost shoes in our #competition #giveaway. RT and Follow to enter   #realbuzzBoost 

I speak life into marriages and relationships that are serious!!! When is done right, that's amazing!!! #boyfriendMATERIAL

1500 words and cold coffee an hour and a half later. But I'm grateful the words came at all. Earned my dinner. #amwriting

the eyes speak volumes, the emotions went extreme, ang hirap maging happy always kahit you're with faith

It's like everyday I see a news article bout some nasty ass men taking advantage of minors

I am schizophrenic my name is Chris Harrison I am trying to learn to accept my disease this is the first time I have admitted it

UK Police Auction - 2 RINGS Type: 2 X RINGS - COSTUME JEWELLERY Colour: WHITE METAL FINISH - PINK STONES ...… 

I'm so damn tired and sleepy! Don't feel work today!  

This guy fucking kills it idc what y'all say 

As expected of a man with a full-time job, you forcibly made them agree with you by using exotic sounding western words! Hence-

Your straightforward communication isn't nearly as clear as yo... More for Capricorn 

#DoubleStandards PN sees double standards as PM condemns sharing of sex video, promises justice 

ContainersExpo: RT CloudExpo: Top Stories Now ProgressSW Peak_10 _ANEXIA #BigData #DevOps #DataCenter #Serverless … 

One of the most beautiful houses of 800s. From the outside recalls the White House.   #naples… 

Good method for evaluating a straight person’s “How To Be Married” rule: Sub in gay/bi people. If it sounds silly n… 

Dr. Robert E. Johnson Becomes University of Massachusetts at Dartmouth’s 1st African-American Chancellor #BDN2K17 

Oil companies mulling over dynamic pricing for petrol and diesel | Newslaundry  

Number crunching for the past day - 1 new follower and NO unfollowers. Stats via 

I want to read MY FAVORITE THING IS MONSTERS, but it's $22 for a digital copy or $25 for a print copy (which takes 1-4 weeks to get here).

Be #NLighten We can make it happen!Order now  09129105308 #Nworld #Beauty #Koreanmade 

BET NOW with #Titanbet and get Bet GBP25,Get GBP25 free -  

Elevator Security Cameras PA DE NJ – Northeast Remote Surveillance and Alarm installs and upgrades elevator... 

Hypnotherapy as a treatment for atopic dermatitis in adults and children - naturalnews. ... - 

1Set 15pcs Home 3D Removable Heart Art Decor Wall Sticker Living Room Decoration  

Don't believe everything they been telling you ....the world is full of deception. Research and look for your own facts .

You might be disgruntled with your current social standing bec... More for Taurus 

TV-Show: Supernatural - S12E16 Ladies Drink Free (D0D81F3277FC0EBD25EA63212DAE4A02) #eD2K #Supernatural #LadiesDrinkFree

you got dimples and got me fucked up, i wanna kiss your cheeks my wee lil beauty. 

YALL RYAN AND I ARE FACETIMING AND HES GOT THE HEADPHONES MIC ON HIS CHEST AND I CAN HEAR HIS HEART BEATING

Finally got around to making a schedule for the videos. Hopefully I'll actually get something done! 

Found a Transponder Snail! Who made the escape from Impel Down a success?  #TreCru 

Fashion blogger Veronika Lipar of Brunette From Wall Street sharing how to wear red and pink in one 

I fucking hate wearing glasses 

like, when you hear the 'aaaamaipaaaa' strange song while the screen showing some 'random' yet meaningful scenes. Tak ada. Movie ni plain.

I really thought she wanted to go to Florida with ME. Shit.. even US as a family   

I wonder if people think I'm some kind of stalker when I reply to them 3 seconds after they post something

Found a Transponder Snail! Famed Pirate Hunter captured! Exclusive shots!!  #TreCru 

Like it is innocence by reason of insanity, but when villains keep escaping and committing terrorism, you may want to look past that  

Person telling me, it's me, the sugar in your Tea, are u actually fucking mad !!

Not this is fucking goals, not someone taking of someone's damn necklace 

Tell more people that you love them. You never know how much they might need it. - Chris Brogan #quote

Make Music Pasadena got cancelled this year because of debt and may be scrapped for good. Huge bummer.

It's sooooooooo flattering to me when folks think I'm 23-27     imma be so bomb when I get in my 40's!!!

Good morning however believes In Christ Romans 9:1 I am speaking the truth; I belong to Christ and I do not... 

Bigot say I should be ashamed I want to marry and make love to my dolphin partner, but we are united at #tweet4taiji 

Modi government liberalises e-visa regime to promote tourism, business travel 

What is working in their district? Reflex!  #5thchat #mathchat 

i said that nigga tee ugly serena said yeah he look like a what the fuck

Its 6 am and your HVAC and plumber say everything is ready to go to turn the gas and heat… 

Alert: If you come into contact w/ this man call Police. He is known to be mentally unstable and irrational.… 

Seeing both sides of an argument is not a new dilemma for most... More for Libra 

#NowPlaying Night Changes (Live Acoustic Session) by One Direction on #Anghami 

#송중기 #songjoongki makes me think of #Adele's #Hello ... Hello, it's me ... I must've called a thousand times to te…… 

Not sure what Bucks argument was on that call....you MUST throw to the base if you don't step off the rubber...that's a basic balk ruling

Being a good Christian is the Hope and ability 2 stop doing bad things! So we can glorify God, and we can find ourselve… 

can't even feel bad for the females who are stuck on a nigga that disrespects plays and cheats on them . you gon learn sis   ‍

hi connor franta is an incredible human who deserves so much love and happiness and i just really hope he knows that

|| Fact: Nikki is picky about the foods she eats, so she mainly eats sweets. Even when Law tells her not to.

#sex from boot girl get ass fucked 

Cait is an angel and needs to release that there's still plenty more tickets to go on sale, she hasn't missed out com… 

i just saw someone broke their hand it was in such bad way i didn't think it was possible for a hand to stay like that

Link: Kaniehtiio Horn’s Definitely Not The Girl Next Door  

More like how to break into something that is not yours and requires a.key that you dont have... #knowyouraudience 

Pro-American, Non-PC ESPN Host Sage Steele Removed from Show in Favor of Michelle 'I just wanna get fucked' Beadle 

I'm GOP centrist. I hate that GOP pulled this stupid stunt. SCOTUS is now compromised with illegitimate member.… 

retrograde is already doing me dirty bc my phone just fucking cracked!!!!!

Scientists claim all women can reach 'super orgasms'  

that was an insult. Muerete boluda — BOLUDA FUCKING IARA KYS 

05:35 BST: Temperature: 13.7°C, Wind: S, 3 mph (ave), 7 mph (gust), Humidity: 89%, Rain (hourly) 0.0 mm, Pressure: 1006 hPa, falling

Whys everyone getting triggered for them saying someone not many have heard of it South Korea's equivalent of gigi,… 

How annoying is it when ur texting and snapchatting someone and they open/reply to ur snapchat rapid but not ur text rapid  

13 people followed me and 6 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

"The broken will always be able to love harder than most. Once you have been in the dark, you learn to appreciate everything that shines."

update: yeast for veal not lost. Thank the heavens. Delay in shipping. Now package to include HISTORY OF THE KETCHUP BEAR VOL 1 and 2

Risa Murakami gets Finger fucked before Dick 

  YASSS It's time for a great show WSP~OP Shizzle   :It's my birthd  

Join us for dinner in the award-winning Restaurant Sirocco  <EMOJI>️ | View the menus here:  

June Holley on Collective Change and the Culture of the 21st Century | Greater Than The Sum 

These Derps Will Turn Into Fierce Killers, But They're Pretty Adorable Right Now 

[Barking] Vaporeon (M) (IV: 73%) until 12:26:20PM at 19 Creek Rd  

MIN 2 CWS 1 [Bottom 6th] [0 Out] [0 balls] [0 strikes] ... No one on [P: #58 Phil Hughes] [B: #53 Melky Cabrera]

Photos: Mel B Reveals Husband Stephan Belanfonte Impregnated Their Nanny, Physically…  

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

That's now 2 people that I love that have gotten into car accidents in the past month and thankfully both people were not injured  

I doubt God likes it when His name is used in vain! We'll see the end of this farce yet 

The “Holiday Takeover” is LIVE on your airwaves.. Tune In NOW and let Holiday set yo weekend up right! WE ARE THA STR… 

School of Dentistry staff and students on the run for charity  

Photo of Michelle Obama 'rocking her natural hair' shows up in timelines and 'the gates of heaven opened' 

#IPL10 , SRH vs RCB, 1st Match: #RCB - 61/2 (7) | Travis Head - 3*(4) | Target - 208 

Each and everyone of you is loved just as much as you love your fictional favorite good night my friends

#3.Meditation can be an excellent technique to relax a distracted mind Read:  

Panera took off the BBQ chicken salad off their menu, i guess maybe it was just way too delicious??? Smh

Hopefully all fathers and mothers tell they daughghters ben dover and his friends are evil cunts

#LITMKatotohanan MDBC song won as best OST at Asia Artist Award together with You are My Everything of DOTS. Both sung by Gummy.

SoulCompassRadio He Lives In Me by Michael Boykin And The Mighty Voices #Directionforyoursoul 

Meet Tony Klapper, the newest member of the BHHS Pondera Team! Tony has a long history around the lake: he’s... 

#IrvineAttorney Bruce Bridgman, on why he likes to help good people who've made mistakes and end up in bad situations… 

Love only grows by sharing. You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others. MAYWARD GratefullyBlessed

The AntiFa idiots want a fight! Send them to Syria..... 

This argument about families scrapping to pay for private school is a very weak one. But ppl will buy it anyway

I found this awesome recording of "Smile Smile - Full Moon Wo Sagashite" on #Smule:  #SingKaraoke

[TheTrent] Open Letter To The New Governor of Ondo, Rotimi Akeredolu [MUST READ]  

50 plus skittish shorebirds Floyd main runway. As far as I can tell so far all Dublin and bbplovers

would most likely to be effective to indirectly with chess tactics to make America too weak to say no to any new administration questionable

Everyone go subscribe to my YouTube channel its Dilardo69 with a lion picture I could really use your support for my channel...

Implement Chrome and Firefox Push Notifications on any Website in 5 mins  - Leaders From Uber, eBay and More Share Ti…

"Whoever is not with me is against me, and whoever does not gather with me, scatters!" - Matthew 12:30

SSBBW gets fucked  

 Cindymonel RT MadeInNigeriaTW:  nibcardgames Guess the name of this boardgame #MadeinNigeria … 

The Gap Between Lust and Love, a story about #dating, relationships, and sex. Available now on #popularium. 

Kyle O'Quinn will always be one of my favorite players in the NBA as long as he keeps his super Punjabi beard

See our latest #GuangzhouShi, Guangdong Sheng #job and click to apply: Solution Architect - Core Network - 

10+ Times Asshole #Cats #Hilariously #Photobombed Purrfect Shots  

The best chance for severe weather here will likely be early Thursday afternoon. FutureTracker shows gusty thunders… 

#Lonewolfpaintball #EmpirePaintball Would really like to win the new ax to give to my new foster brother.He can't wait to do paintball!

What time is it? It's about time for a shaved sterling silver roast prime rib omlette with… 

Fuck North Carolina!!! DUKE Forever bitches!! #NationalChampionship

Lot of games blown in the 9th during the Holbrook era. Frustrating to watch it time and time again. Maybe we won't have to watch much longer.

SportsCenter Video: What are Texans QB options now that Tony Romo is off table? Do they reassess Jay Cutler or Co… 

NEW APPLE IPAD MINI CASE COVER SWIVEL STAND POUCH PU GREY 360 DEGREE ROTATING  

my manager who doesn't give a shit abt this place got all sassy when i told him i sent home my worker 2 see her therapist bc she was weeping

Why the so-called ‘gurus’ are just dead wrong when they tell you that you need a huge following… 

Ah there's at least 2 new Kizoku Tantei spots that haven't seen yet according to PRT... man so much promos!

  With whose fucking money 

F4499: Japanese Wooden Lacquer ware small dining TABLE/TRAY for festive food  

#dude view porn watch fucking videos 

Fucking mint when I've lost all my photos for textiles  

She clearly hasn't follow my twitter account since I left Bea's. It's mostly a middle aged woman dancing in videos… 

I haaate thinking back to it bc the feeling of how much I missed him and his voice overwhelms me now idk how I did it

When the snow melts, the potholes return. Make sure your tires can handle them. #Chevy #CertifiedService can help.… 

SCCCRR TEM UMA FUCKING MUSICA DE DIE ANTWOORD EM PALO ALTO

Newport Pagnell weather conditions 04:00 Temp 9.1°C Wind 202 ° at 4 mph Max Today 10.0°C Min Today 9.1°C Rain today 0.0 mm

Emphasis on fisticuffs? Check. Level design made to escort you between multi-enemy encounters? Check.

BITCH they gave us an extra burrito and a large fry (when we ordered/paid for) a medium      

GIVING URSELF ALL THE OPPORTUNITIES THT U DESERVE. and IF UR DOING THAT THEN LOOK AT U GO!!! UR DOING SO MUCH IN THAT AND MAYBE U WILL NEVER

Shock upset in the making? GOP admits: 'Kansas should not be in play, but Kansas is in play' 

I fell on my fucking face and it took me over 5 meters to stop

If you talking crap on her behind her back, I can only imagine what you're saying about me behind mine

That moment when you can't relate to the SAT memes because you didn't fucking take it...

Mitch McConnell joins calls to investigate Susan Rice over unmasking Trump officials -  ... 

Surprisingly, Real have played with a good amount of intensity considering UCL is around the corner. Atlético have matched their intensity.

Paradise Woods came home fast and easily off a solid enough pace. Immediately becomes major KY Oaks player.

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

I just wish like hell everyone would be treated equally because we're all humans and have feelings 

Yes! PSSA ELA testing begins tomorrow. Get out and play, rest, and eat well so you're ready to show what you know! 

Top 4 Tips When Filing Cryptocurrency Taxes   #bitcoin 

offended people on my tl that actually have a home bound illness irl that doesn't allow them to do everyday things .

Report: Oracle ponders massive acquisition of Accenture - SiliconANGLE  

Total bullshit.. play the game, you win some, you lose some, but you don't change the rules tmake so the minority p… 

Semi truck crash blocks lanes on inbound Eisenhower Expressway  

Twitter is so fucking biased it's not funny. Things like #freepol and #Obamagate never trended while this shit gets… 

Hot bath, listening to Biggie Smalls, getting ready to go see live jazz. Dream last night of tour, thanks Chicago!

Dreams. Each man longs to pursue his dream. Each man is tortured by this dream, but the dream gives meaning to his life.

Remember The Promise Mia Khalifa Made About Donald Trump's Victory? She Kept Her Word! 

Things alway fucking work out. Focus on you and don’t quit. Put in a ton of effort, it won’t betray you.

#TanjaPlayner 360k business contacts 100% #Followback all friends  FB #aboutARTmagazin

EXTREME: Snowboarder Totally Wipes Out After 1st Jump in 6 Months March 02: Shanon Beary… 

i'm riding the motions out , but your words hurt more than when you broke my heart. i hope you're happy now.

Delighted to accept our award for outstanding entrepreneurial achievement in banking and #RealEstate. #Stevies2017… 

Tillerson: Russia 'complicit' or 'incompetent' with Syria  

Big Hit confirmed this afternoon that it will debut a girl group in the mid-august  

Niggas keep talking about women wearing weave but be sick when a bitch up a fro on they ass.  

If you haven't voted on my pinned tweet yet please go to my profile and do so!!   

New Figures Prove the Mainstream Media’s Audience is Literally Dying -  by #ExUnitateVires v… 

The First Pics Of Alison Brie In Her New Netflix Pro Wrestling Comedy ‘GLOW’ Look…  

im so stressed out about apartments and money and jobs i feel so fucking awful i want to cry

muscle women fucking on the internet 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

Guess everyone against DJT is blaming Tillerson for the Chemical outrage in Syria! Russia is critical figured they had a hand in it!

Impulse Spy, on Kindle Scout here   #giveaway  #giveaway

Gabriel Sterling has served on the Sandy Springs City Council for 6 years and hopes to succeed John Eaves, who is... 

One person dead and 13 hospitalized after being found unconscious around a Michigan...  by… 

Like isn't it interesting how we are all like puzzle pieces and each person has some type of piece that makes up the rest of the picture

Bloody hell Conor McNamara getting a tough time from Jose Mourinho on BBC1....

There's nothing quite like a warm, comfy bed. Hope you get to stay in yours a little longer this weekend. 

 Envia con NSI CARGO  LG Stylo 2 Plus LGMS550 - 16GB - Black (Unlocke… 

Miami-Dade Transportation Planning Organization Transportation and Mobility Committee - Apr 03, 2017: 

April fools day is over but you're still a fucking joke

The lyrics that were playing while he walked in were, "Baby girl, that pussy wetter than chicken noodle soup."   

Never trust an idiot in a bow tie Don Lemon CNN 

I'll stick to uber then, from what I know I didn't breach my terms - actually I didn't do anything. thanks tho… 

KINX - Super-Res Reflectivity Tilt 1 4:21 PM CDT Super-Res Velocity Tilt 1 4:22 PM CDT #okwx 

Can you frickin FEEL IT!?! Merely days away from Cosmic Star Heroine game and soundtrack coming out, I am quite nervous! Please be gentle <3

National Security Council has computer logs of Susan Rice accessing intel on...  by… 

“I didn’t want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that’s really sad." #depression

Today we celebrate what would of been the 89th Birthday of our Beloved, Dr. Maya Angelou "Out of the huts of... 

Enjoy this sweet treat between meals to help satisfy your hunger without the empty carbs of most guilty pleasures.… 

2800MAH BACKUP BATTERY CHARGER SNAP ON POWER CASE COVER BLACK FOR IPHONE 5 5S  

ranpo voice: his arm cant be hurting that bad if we fucked

Arab chick gets fucked in the ass 

You excel in the work place "be humble" and be glad you have a job. You look like 2 snaps and a shake when you out "be humble" it's the makeup

Brushing too vigorously can actually damage tooth enamel, which leads to tooth decay. 

The EU Parliament has published its Brexit red lines — and they're tough - Business Insider UK  #ukjobs

A BIG Hello to all our new follower. Thanks. If you don't know what we do, ckick here >  

Why does everything in Elie Saab makes me wanna cry all my heart out             

im hella crazy about you damn wtf did you do to me

YOU bitches think your so fine and away take a good look into the mirror baby doll YOUR no hot item EITHER woman are bitches

Convergence Daily Market Changes: #CapitalFlows into New #AlternativeFunds added $.46bn, increasing YTD to $125.12bn 

#Memeorandum #News Vice President Pence's "never dine alone with a woman" rule isn't honorable. It's probably i... 

ANTI-TRUMP HYSTERIA: The Actions Of Susan Rice Caused By Rabid Leftism ⋆ Doug Giles ⋆ #ClashDaily - 

GOAL - Aston Villa lead at home to QPR!; if they can keep this lead, are they a chance of making the play-offs?   #AVFC/#UTV

throat fucked handsomemuscular 

"i'll love you forever" they said once "i'm sorry i dont feel anything anymore" they said 1 month after

Odisha celebrating it's 81st Utkala Dibasa Hope Lord Jagannath Give the People of Odisha A Happy Life… 

LMAOO I JUST READ MY OWN TWEET NOT KNOWING IT WAS MINE AND I WAS LIKE 'omg i just tweeted that' I FEEL SO DUMB SHIT

Do you even realize how sick it is to tell someone to kill themselves just because they posted the song on twitter? 

Samsung Galaxy Gear S2 40mm Stainless Steel Case Black Classic Buckle  

Paulick Report News Alert: Girvin Adds Louisiana Derby To An Ever-Growing Resume: 

I have a rising follower graph! 38 more followers in the past week. Get your stats right here 

Karuga, Cap To Oversee #KenyaCup Top Six Playoff Fixtures  

[Infinite Faith] Womaniser, poet, convict and Anglican priest, John Donne's life was a re-enactment of the parable…… 

Bayleef 17.8% IV (5/0/3) with Razor Leaf and Grass Knot has spawned until: 05:35:25am (18m 33s). 

Day 1 with my husband working out with me. He did good and I am proud he was able to keep up! … 

Financial limitations can drag their negative consequences int... More for Gemini 

#keri hilson fucking taiwan sex chatting website 

teacher: the test is now finished student athlete: finished?  I'm never  finished    always on that grind   RIP tony  #osslt

Medical Supplies for the Home and the Elderly - Alzheimers Support  

Duke Climate Coalition calls for University to take action against climate change in rally Friday - Duke Chronicle 

#Residential Price: $99000. Address: 109 PATTERSON DR, Auburndale, Florida 33823 One story. MLS #... - 

Make your mind up right now that you are a WINNER, and keep that mindset to ensure success no matter what you have to deal with!

With the fake gansta shit. The worst part is they called the police and they tell him his name and now he prolly gone get locked cause you

Yellow Georgette and Jacquard Saree with Resham Work - ₹ 4,213.00  … … … … … … … … … … … …… 

Do you know how stupid you look that you can't recognize what's satirical and what's not you stupid fucking cuck? 

I hadn't eaten this much since like fucking november I hate myself so much I just want to go home and cry

Big miners have trouble joining technology revolution  #technologyNews #news, #tech #news 

We are #Shoutout professionals ! Our Bitch team will give you the #Shoutouts most suitable for you <--------

Devoured a celebratory cheat meal Sunday brunch and happened upon a field of Crocuses in bloom. So pretty! Spring h… 

I find you so beautiful but I feel like ur dms are ... — omg thanks!! please dm me 

Short Reading Isaiah 52:13-15 See, my servant will prosper, he shall be lifted up, exalted, rise to great... 

watching catwoman......Halle berry is so much better than this  this shit is so bad but I can't stop watching it.

Fucking my wife and a dildo in her ass cumshot on finish 

I'm not tryna pressure you, just can't stop thinking bout you, you ain't even really gotta be my boyfriend  

Police arrest 14 year old boy in connection with Facebook Live sexual assault of girl, 15 

SETH FUCKING ROLLINS! #Wrestlemania 

Gallows sliding down that ramp like he's sliding in to someone's DM's on that replay   #WrestleMania

Don’t push away the people who truly care about you, because one day, you will push them away, and they won’t come back ...

this month is always so bittersweet. gotta watch all these fakes post about how much they loved Kristen.. but also, 4/20   

While adaptability is often a useful trait, your infamous stub... More for Taurus 

#THFC If Wenger goes when they're still able to attract a big name then they could pretty much just continue with the squad they have.

Lost books, some one took petrol from bike, lost ring again, extension lead stopped working and broke glasses at the end of day. Wtf.

Baxter used to have half of the bed to himself and refused to sleep on it and now that i've decided to sleep in the middle of my bed he acts

Calily Life Organic Tea Tree Oil Foot Soak with Natural Dead Sea Minerals , 17.5 Oz. – Foot Bath Eliminates Odors,…… 

"'The man behind the Sinclair Method called it the extinction of the endorphins, but that isn't strictly true -... 

Walgreens still expects to finish Rite Aid acquisition after deal scrutiny  

This was the children sodas. You better not think to touch that sprite or coke. 

Being #Bisexual is more common than you would think. And doesn’t fit into any sexual stereotype 

I stopped fucking with people who never fell through.

If you want to know more in detail how to analyse Race 2 #AragonWorldSBK, you can have a look at that   … 

Our "Babies" have a new vessel, more big and deep. They become even bigger.. day by day. #proudlygardener #CoffeeT…… 

FUCKING AMAZON MOVE YOUR ASS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

Loving this secret garden wedding pic from Adam and Natasha. #fairylight #romance #dreamy 

VIDEO: Chris Sale fools Starling Marte to earn 1st K with Red Sox.    

Found a Transponder Snail! Who made the escape from Impel Down a success?  #TreCru 

[Electronic] MOONZz x Restless Modern - Navigator | The Music Ninja  

Um no. Are you fucking stupid or something? 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

Members of #ISGA will visit Delhi and Mumbai to meet industry bodies, explore future collaborations and market potentia… 

Millville South Jersey umbrella Paperweight Lilly footed pontil  

#SanFranciscoCableCars this Sunday! Take a ride through SF history with #BayArea filmmaker Strephon Taylor tix:… 

 This charity is helping kids through video games #tech   $v #ℑnnovate … 

nobody wants you     . shame , poor you, no... ___ hello if u are so sterk tell me who u are den we can ... 

I love you is something I feel we need to start saying more...and not just to our family's, friends, or loved ones... but 2 strangers..2 all. 

David Copperfield jokes about that #Oscars mess up, announces Emma Stone, La La Land wins #SongOfTheYear #ACMs. 

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

Here is the 2016-17 Varsity Blues Year in Review video! WE ALL #BLEEDBLUE #WeAreTO 

Restricting the rights of citizens through damage caps won't curb epidemic of medical negligence.... 

So you send me a snapchat and then you delete me. Fucking melt. That says it all mate.

 Car Chargers In Syria, Russia seeks a way to secure its gains and keep American influen... 

I'm tired of talking about Hillary Clinton. Homegirl has been living in the woods since January, let's leave her alone

Every Friday the move is #ClubAcuarius doors open at 9pm everyone Free till 9:30 ladies Free till 10:30 Free… 

I love when people my age think that having a child suddenly means you aren't allowed to do things   

Racism and sexism define Trump voters. Please stop trying to get the rest of us to play nice with racist sexists.… 

We all will act like we have manners today. America has been fallen apart and it's critical we start repairing... 

INFO Q. DAMP. WX: SH IN AREA. TMP: 25. QNH: 1012. EXP INST APCH. RWY 15. VIS: GREATER THAN 10 KM. WND: 160/6. CLD: FEW018 FEW024 BKN040.

Tech Startup Job Fair Paris Spring 2017 Tickets, Thu, 8 Jun 2017 at 18:00 | Eventbrite 

Fucking ass hole    but I always get what I want

Arsene Wenger has direct route to management regardless of Arsenal future  #FootballNews

a gooseberry is a skeina butchery considers a ligament: manic-depressive and watery: Riemannian and overworked

[West Bronx] Venusaur (M) (IV: 57%) until 11:18:41AM at 425-475 Grand Concourse  

Hillary Clinton Calls For Strike On Syrian Regime’s Airfields  

very important questions: are there puffles? do we still have our own igloos? are there still missions for agents?? 

It's wine time       get yourselves to Mr Lynch for a cheeky glass or 2 tonight 

"You must first become a Christian before you become My musician." #BeatingDrums #MusicminWorkshop #IConIlocosNorte #iCon2017

CNN's Jake Tapper Flings Refugee Contradiction At Ivanka Trump's Pro-Strike Tweet - The Huffington Post 

When people say "you've changed" there's a 95% chance that you just stopped acting the way they wanted you to.

Wtf is she kissing? Yo this bitch retarded yo 

Why is there a man casually strolling through downtown with a baseball bat?! You are not Bey and this is not lemonade.  

if you don't know who these two players are.. you shouldn't be allowed to talk basketball 

Amy Schumer's Many Naked Photos Are Proof She Doesn't Give A Damn About Body Shaming!!. 

LRT ... is this one of the original designers or someone who is just really really upset about the egg change?

vanguardngrnews: Board suspends 3 officers over Ngilari’s release from prison 

March 30, 2017 at 11:55AM 4Subsea assisting Statoil with engineering, RandD  Statoil has awarded 4Subsea a master se…

Congrats 2 our stellar students and faculty. I am so sorry I was unable to attend, but be assured of my pride and app… 

Can't believe what's happen at #IPWR nothing confirmed yet I know but seeing Mikes dot traveling at 100 km/h isn't a good sign. Stay strong

All you do is fucking complain. Complain about life, your body, your energy. Something. You always are complaining.

you can practice whatever religion you want, but when you start policing someone's personal life and decisions, i am outtie

OHL this Week for January 12-15, 2017 #Sportsnet"TorontoMapleLeafs"  

Jesse Lingard ni local Manchester lad wacha apewe kakitu not a bad team player too. United can clearly afford it~ Charity begins at home.

Captain America, Cyclops, Iron Man and Hawkeye fans in particular think you might be on to something. 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

what a great week of banking              #millionairemindset #forexpriceaction… 

It is impossible for #hertha not to score in those pink shirts. We are getting 1.... At least.... #BMGBSC #hahohe

Found a Transponder Snail! Ace and Luffy form an unbreakable wall in battle!  

Former WWE Diva And TNA Knockout Gets Engaged (Photo)  

GOD FUCKING DAMMIT I HATE THIS GAME AND IT'S DOGAWFUL STEALTG MECHANICS

Join our session, 'How to Create an #AWS #Lambda Test Harness' Wednesday, April 19, 11am PST - Register… 

Jew hypocrites! BDS good for Jew then BDS good against Jew! Hitlers strike on Jew was preemptive!… 

And if anyone knows bringing disgrace to something that the entire world pays attention to, it’s Trump! 

Justin Trudeau Explains Why He Wants a Rematch with Matthew Perry  

#SusanRice Let me say this real slow, so the IDIOT Trump VOTERS can understand. You're NOT absolved of a CRIME because someone unmask you.

my biggest mistake was watering the seeds of another relationship before the seeds of my relationship with myself.

Guys marry the first slice of consistent pussy they can get, just to start noticing she has a lame personality two years later.

OH belatedly remembering I had a thread for this??? sorry this is me for the next 24 hrs pls mute me if u want

Murderer Caught After He Created The Murder Scene On A Tattoo From His Chest 

 I drop rhymes, like bitches be dropping babies  R.I.P Ole Dirty   

idk how some people can drink every fucking night...get a life.

she gets fucked from the rear doggy style 

Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus.... Hv a g… 

When I'm doing good that's when they fwm, but when I'm down and need someone to lift me up, that's when ppl don't got arms 

My Generation is a fucking JOKE. 

Lily Mensah: Looking forward to speaking at event on #business #branding for the #Entrepreneur #Money  Start Mining…

There are some people who listen to you when you talk and there's other people who just wait for their turn.- Bryan Kramer #quote

Republicans Are About To Sell Your Browser History. Here's How To Protect Yourself.  

I come from a city where bitches will hate you about ANYTHING 

Ryanair announces plan to establish Polish charter airline  

RETWEET #악동뮤지션akdongmusician and MAKE on  to show how much you want a show in your city! #NowMaking

I've harvested 613 food! Check your patches for food too!  #android, #androidgames, #gameinsight

All me and Brooklyn do is like each other's pics and send each other heart eyes all day. We're weird.

hate when the front camera comes on by accident, my selfesteem drops like a rock 

Everybody want a wedding ring, but these bitches be fucking on everything...

U.S. just demonstrated strength and resolving in launching 50 cruises missiles at Syria as I called for on Tuesday 

I got up early painted over what I did ..shirtless ..then went back to bed I barely remember it   didn't even realize I was shirtless  

Arsenal Legend Appears to Confirm Arsene Wenger’s Future on Australian Publicity Trip 

I remember buying two packs of alcohol one of my first weeks of living in seattle and getting super drunk and blasting/singing Three Cheers

Livingstone ran London so well. Now he’s trashed his reputation | Jonn Elledge 

It was time for Lavar Ball to shut up like a month or two ago...now he's just being an idiot

Joe Johnson is 42 points away from being the 42nd player to reach 20,000 career points in the #NBA, with 5 games left in the regular season.

We are missing something.....YOU! There are still some spots open for tonight's 6:15pm yoga with Julie and 7:30... 

just because i tweet something doesn't mean it's relevant to my current situation.. my tweets are a reflection of my thoughts, not my life.

I thought I was home alone having some Me Time and I can hear my grandpa screaming whilst watching The Price is Ri… 

Stop arguing with me IF YOU ARE 12, 13, 14 , 15 , 16 ,17 YOU SHOULD NOT BE HAVING CHILDREN FOCUS ON SCHOOL AND BECOMING SUCCESSFUL

I felt I saw nothing and then life said hey that's God. Then I was done for. Would be dead if not for medicine. What was your point?

Dabbing Santa Ugly Christmas Sweatshirt >> SPECIAL OFFER  

I'm really trying to get better at not calling people stupid and blocking them. But... 

#wheresgeorge -- My dollar bill was just found in Johnson City,TN  #JohnsonCity

SMOKEDOUTKOFFIN RADIO! The Outfit TX I Can Get It (Prod. By Stunt N Dozier)  

Do you follow an old Cruelty Tradition or your Heart? Rebel hearts PROTEST for #freedom ! 

Great day to be at the ballpark! IHS hosting Iola. Lady 'Dogs up 4-1 in bottom of 3. Bulldogs knotted 0-0 top of 3.

Syneron Medical Ltd. stock rises 5% after news of $400 mln acquisition of all its outstanding shares #stockmarket 

This is a brilliant arty way to repurpose old irrelevant reference books! Amazing sculptures..... 

even though i was out in the rain for roughly 2 hours yesterday playing my game... i kicked ass and finally got back on the field B)

Response to /r/soccer on "Only 3% of corners in the Premier League lead to goals" 

WHS boys and girls, HHS boys and CHS girls all won Area and advanced to the Regional Quarterfinals of soccer playoffs. 

Direct selling vs Automation: Could DS be a keystone of the future of work? See the presentation from our executive…

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

Transsexuals Zoe and Nikki fucking 

EPISODE! #Pregnancy When You Already Have Children. What tips do you have for #pregnant #moms? 

My grandma said it'll get better. But first admit your a little bitter. Then and only then will you get better. #stuck #truetho

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

AJEnglish: Opinion: Don't blame WhatsApp for the Westminster attack  writes AlastairSloan … 

my "friend" really just came for me bc her dude is in my phone, sis as you can see he's getting no response from me.

One of leading causes of deaths is not trauma injuries but mothers and children dying due to lack of routine health services #EndYemenSiege

im pretty sure i did terrible on my SAT bc of how distracted i was but its okay because theres always next time

Short Sleeves Frayed Denim Shift Dr…  #SuperDeals #GearBest #SuperDeal #DealsSuper01 

You know what sounds good, eating whatever food we decided on in bed cuddling up watching tv and under the covers with my baby and yogi

Niggas Will Speak So Bad On You, Despise Everything You Do. But Be All In Yo Ass

Some salt water therapy for a few days.   #springbreak #allmyfriendsareteachers 

Hungary... time is coming! #GotMeStartedTour TODAY!!! Are you ready?      by #tinitapasiion… 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#CGIAR article: Benchmarking environmental performance of improvements in Egyptian aquaculture 

Video shows crash of F-16 fighter jet that crashed near neighborhood in Clinton, Md. 

Don't pass me the aux cord   my playlists so bipolar imma have you feeling like a savage then in your feelings to feeling in love

Syria // Hama // Maardas is contested, Halfaya is contested. No full control over these villages by any side.  #int…

Fucking the latino compilation 

HE'S THE CUTEST FUCKING THING 

This tiny Lego Macintosh is the beautiful lovechild of a Raspberry Pi and e-paper display - 

Some girls really be puttin out to the point they become a hoe, expecting a prince with open arms to come sweep her off her feet.   ‍  ‍

You may finally decide to show your hand today. Although you w... More for Taurus 

Can we please just have a dog / cat / pet tax in the UK where all funding goes to shelters so they have the funding to be non-kill shelters?

20 photos of #avocado art that'll blow your mind!  #food #photography #healthy

Facebook wants to help restore your trust in the news  

Financial limitations can drag their negative consequences int... More for Gemini 

Though this lad is still a teen himself, he does everything to excite his...  #amateur #blowjob #brunette

In Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, there is a cut weapon found in the game files called the Brick Blaster 

EP 9 HAS ME FUCKED UP HOW COULD BRYCE DO THIS TO HER AND JUSTIN LET IT HAPPEN AND HANNAH WATCHING IN THE CLOSET NOOO

>:( i wish i stayed at the hotel a little longer bc a lot of my (ex) batchmates went 2 prom earlier i miss them but :( im :( awkward :(

Now and then I think of when we were together Like when you said you felt so happy you could die Told myself that you were right for me..

This Woman's Nose Didn't Stop Growing, But Her Transformation After Surgery Is Life-Changing  >

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

some customers are so fucking annoying i hope they choke and die on the drinks i made for them

Wife Fucking With My Friend 

24Pcs Calibrate 5x3mm Purple Africa Amethyst Natural Loose Gemstones Lot AAA  

Normally, you're more than happy to go along with a friend on ... More for Sagittarius 

Making changes that endure isn't always as straightforward as ... More for Gemini 

Just imagine if #Karnowski lined up on the #Seahawks' offensive line. I think he could actually be good. #UnitedWeZag #FinalFour

Wondering why Reuters withdrew story, especially if Pentagon stated that Kushner was going to Iraq? 

Just watched the new #PowerRangers film. Just relived my childhood all over again. Really awesome film.… 

The Robot can tell the price movements in the next few seconds, that's why it's easy to win much money very fast. #BestExpertAdvisor #Bonus

LuLaRoe Tall And Curvy TC Muti Color Leggings New Spring Brown Tie Dye  

Sunday Funday with Emma, Gabby, and Christian Luke Daryush Half Eberwein Carey         … 

Welsh Rugby Union to oppose English plans to make Six Nations Championship shorter - WalesOnline 

Funk Roberts Spartan Training System 10 Week Program For Fat Loss  

So if the plane turned it could allow the other guy to win..... don't like the sound of that, Although that other g… 

They were fucking incredible,young Kobe and Diesel at his  the cast around them knew their r… 

 Prime property in Ahmedabad, Prime property in thane, Prime property in Trissur, Prime property in lucknow,

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

Cooper Road at Winona Blvd is closed due to a crash. Avoid the area. Media staging area is 433 Cooper Road, St Paul FD.

#freeteensex bbw anal fucked 

Reading Quote:   "Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you a…  #personalgrowth… 

YALL LOOOOOK at my business cards   they're so cute, i'm so excited they come in next week 

In the eventuality of an animal bred for food, it must be fed, managed, transported and killed without it being in fear or pain.

Retweet if you actually do something in the off-season to perfect your craft. 

UPDATE: 3rd St near Howard St still jammed. Will add 22m to your drive #BayTraffic  

Sometimes you have to challenge the minds of the masses...We Working     rosegang_president… 

So after over 1 whole year of being #alcohol free, I finally went back to the drinkers side  .....with a rose cava! Then ciders then cava.. 

I must be #tired or something that I #read "therapist" as "the rapist". Lol. #samespellingifputtogether

Do you love #xxx? Or something #hot? This #video is much better:  

if my mom made a snapchat filter for my birthday i WOULD BE SO FUCKING LIT

Gonna make a real mess today! Running water and sewer to the main for two houses right next to each other. Dig, dig and dig!

Such a heated argument. I am so tired of her lying to me, and now she’s got Emilia to lie too. All I did was love her…

this is why some celebrities dont come out to sign and take photos with fans because a ton of these people dont have any fucking manners

Just did our food shop for the week  . Looking forward to cooking yummy meals all week and playing house      #bagforlifewankers

hockey: Clinical Sharks attack on Technical University  

Grim are u fucking kidding me I've watches On Melancholy Hill about twelve times do yOU THINK I DON'T KNOW THIS 

Aren't 301s, 302s, and Canonicals All Basically the Same? - Whiteboard Friday - 

Bed Bug Fix is Now Scent-Free - PCT Magazine: Bed Bug Fix is Now Scent-Free PCT Magazine Octopamine, the insect's… 

Video: BBNaija housemates in tears as their Relatives visit them in the house  

I apologize to all 6 of my followers for the argument on your tl stan twitter is full of children and fats

Report: Clarence Thomas on Track to Become Longest-Serving Justice on Supreme Court 

Low key more excited for Joey's album than Kendrick's. Just because It just seems like Joey really worked till this album was perfect

It took me an hour to get past a stupid fucking barrel-breaking segment at the start of the world but then beat the boss 1st try

#weatherhutton #essex Settled fine Temp 15.3°C Humid 59% Wind 2.0mph NW Baro 1022.59 hPa Rising slowly Rain Today 0.0mm

i fucking hate coloring picture 

I Saw Kids Get Bullied. All The Bullies Wanted To Be Cool With Me. So If That Kid Was Cool With Me, Guess What..He Don't Get Bullied No More

This fucking thread exists because I never forgot her. 

Who the hell is chopping onions in this theatre? I'm just trying to watch Logan slash some bad guys with his claws... #nerdtears

Ikea Anno Inez curtain panel for Kvartal rail system NEW Swirl  

Bisola said she’s going to stalk Big Brother and find out who he is. She and Debie-Rise say he sounds mature, suave and… 

Playoff treat yo self day is complete! Apart from the hair going tits up, I'm ready for tomorrow now!

Bob Harper Has No Time for Haters After His Heart Attack: ”Do You and I’ll Do Me” 

i'm crazy and will go crazy at random ass times 

Flu Can’t Wait To Get The Fuck Out Of Area Man’s Body  

A wild Totodile appeared! It will be in Helsingoer until 6:28 PM. #Helsingoer #CatchMaps.dk  

"What's your name?" "Alex" "Oh, my son has the same name." "Great 4 him." 

IGNORANT ASS BITCH I HATE YOU FUCK YOU 

Today’s build sets the stage for the 4-day AvA Bard phase, starting at 11:00AM ET (15:00 UTC) Friday, April 7th. 

You could be one of the lucky 4 winners, of an Askborg ChargeCube. Open to US and UK (ends tonight!)… 

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

Financial limitations can drag their negative consequences int... More for Gemini 

Lularoe Leggings OS Sheep Lambs Easter Purple Spirals Unicorn HTF New Rare  

End of the financial year is approaching and work cannot be anymore busy. Oh and the bonus scheme completion date is also approaching     

Ungrateful little brat    that last text is heartbreaking. "I guess I just can't do anything right." Shame on you.… 

Ngileeerrr   (with Fadhlih and Elnizar at Mc Donald's Lenteng Agung) [pic] — 

Whatever I do, you're always not impress and you'll always say that it's not enough. You're not satisfied.

I have been on Twitter for 3 years, 6 months, 11 days (since 24 Sep 2013). And you? 

#WritingPrompt: [WP] You decide to stop taking decisions and leave your life to pure chance, so you flip a coin to… 

Not to your dumb ass why are you talking with me un invite idiot 

Excuse me, think I've mistaken you for somebody else. Somebody who gave a damn. Somebody more like myself.

14th is my high score right now on Player Unknown's Battlegrounds... What's yours? 

Thot Mia Khalifa Gets Fucked On  

Everyone is freaking out in the Library over a bloody wasp   

Amazing fire walking for mayors charity thanks everyone who supported, thanks to all who organised the event, BLAZE… 

my deleted albums section are full of screenshots and their photos are long gone. i feel so cheated (why diyana why)

Omfg y'all .. I've been waiting for this . Yasssss y'all don't even know how much this warms my heart . Fuck yes !! 

Hahahahahaha someone at my gaff the other night took one of my thongs and got scared and put it in my living room press hahahahhahahahagahah

This is my third and last RT. Hope my followers understand and support my enthusiasm. ¡Viva Alex Jones!… 

In1980s, as a military commander, Rouhani implicitly endorsed the use of chemical weapons #IranElections #Iran 

NFL Free Agency: Rams sign C John Sullivan, who spent last season as backup with Redskins; 93 career starts (ESPN)

Watch: Orioles fans shower Bautista with boos during intros  #BlueJays #Jays 

Like last night i dreamt i missed work and i didn't know about it until later so i was like "omfg imma get fired, that's it" lmao im thrown

The Junos have apologised - but has HE? //Junos apologize for co-host Russell Peters' 'off-script' remarks abt women 

Devilsfilm Babe Anal Fucked apres Caught Masturbating 

We are proud of u Bro. Congratulations All of you for Great T-20 twenty win by 45 runs vs Srilanka. (1.1Series dra… 

when dancing on my own by robyn is playing at work and you're about to cry then "who let the dogs out"come on after

Nobody is picturing that with Pence. We're picturing him sidelining a co-worker because he doesn't let himself eat… 

It's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today... More for Aries 

How to Export your LinkedIn Connections with Locations - In the Talent Acquisition field, information is everyt... 

Sometimes just look up     #ynsphotography #yonose #olloclip #naturephotography 

spectrum is fucking ass. Worst internet on the globe. Smh shitty asf

Is there a junior bonus system or did they just fucking murder this meet? 

i was gonna make a post abt how im annoyed that im thinking abt megawave but i genuinely brought this onto myself

I hate to ask him a question andand he say "it's up to you"    ughhhhhhh that shit erks my imaginary pussy so bad!

A balanced batsman waiting to see him while playing for punjab happy birth day MURAlI VIJAY 

Swear to god this kids that cry bitch and complain all the time are so annoying. This dude swears he is depressed

I was hurting and I know I shouldn't keep doing this to myself. I have to pull myself together. I wanted to be whole again.

What I say EVERY Fucking time I pick up .. like why   ‍  ‍ 

honestly nvm there's so much stuff to roast me on including the fact that for the last like 6 months I haven't been to school

Beautify Your Garden With These 15 Blue Flowers In shade or in sun, these blossoming plants can bring a serene... 

Petrichor is the earthy scent produced when rain falls on dry soil.It can literally relieve stress and improve your mood by over 60%

It baffles me that you can sit there and call someone a pussy for not saying anything to you, yet you do the exact same thing  

Be careful, Cisco Mobility Express is shipped with some Cisco Aironet devices has a hard-coded password. Fix it!… 

Spurs legend Tim Duncan responds to former advisor's guilty plea  

#Colorado #Woman's remains found under #Grave of #WWII:   

Louis' probably fucking El, whoops   

This picture of ailing Vinod Khanna will disturb you badly - News  

Wind 6.6 mph NNW. Barometer 1029.3 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 15.5C, feels like 12.4C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 51%. f1.

everybody wants to get undertaker to get fully nude. lets take it one step further and watch him fuck.

it's april fools day, i don't want none of y'all fucking with me today. i am NOT the one.   

My followers live in USA (86%), Philippines(1%)... Get your map:  

Eggs are fucking disgusting 

FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !! FUGLY !!

Man, I think that was a travel on Oregon. This game is insane, Oregon will have a chance to win or tie!

In life you will meet two kinds of people. Ones who build you up, and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you will thank them both.

Stop going by head lines, read the substance within the article to be informed idiot 

I CANT FIND THE FUCKING TRAILER U HAVE GOTTA BE SHITTING ME #SKAMSEASON4

Sometimes i still smell your scent on me and it makes me want to fucking die

We sin because we are looking to something else to give us what only Jesus can give us. - Tim… 

Reconciling my computer on company annual inventory involved taking a picture of my asset tag w/ today’s newspaper.

#HackAlert Tue Apr 4 08:54:18 AEST 2017 Failed password for root from 221.194.47.208 port 49415 ssh2

So I like this boy and he likes me.weve dated before but we ... #Psychology #Relationship #Mentalhealth 

Anyone against the strikes on Syria, Get your heads out of your asses and wake the fuck up! What they did can't be allowed. This was needed!

My son asked what he should say if a bully said to give him his lunch money. I said tell him you left it on his moms nightstand.

Bianca loves her ass fucking session 

all tucked in n warm ready for my late night crash nap when i remember that i forgot to leave out dinner ingredient… 

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

LasVegasSun: Suspect arrested in fatal shooting at apartment complex  #lasvegas

Drowning Sandy by Sarah Daley will make you think about mermaids in a whole new light!  

They don't like printing anything that might be bad to Obama, that's why they sat on it at NYT 

Trumpcare is dead. Here are the funniest tweets memorializing its short, troubled life.  

It's not fair that you have to hit rock bottom to get help when you were inches away from cloud nine

did you know stephen sondheim wrote a musical called The Frogs? because i did not 

if you got something to say to me than fucking say it. don't be a bitch.

Dirty Diane Wanks Her Pussy 

Watch it:  Lusty MILF with giant jugs Taylor Wayne ...  Add me on snapchat: imavaaddams   

take care of yourself first before you take care of them. always.

There is a method to your madness as you attempt to keep every... More for Leo 

#WWEHOF GOD I HATE RACSISTS IF THERE'S TO ALL THE RACSISTS IN THIS WORLD GO TOO HELL

We re-watched episode 1 of #TheHalcyon this week - but what was your favourite scene? Join us for ep2, Monday at 10pm! #SaveTheHalcyon

ant Tweets with links? Put filter:links' into your search. Want no links? Same thing, but .ut a "-" before it.

Exercise never got this heart-pacing and fun!!! #clubexercise #WellnessWednesday 

Dishy guy is jerking off in a small room and shooting himself on computer webcam 

I hate these ungrateful type of bitches 

FWT had some bomb costumes and some UGLY ASS leotards my GOD

Elgianne shared this with us: loridowney3 giselle1900 DogRescueTweets Gdad1 Stacey5899 bbschumann _AnimalAdvocate … 

my child wont be have to ask when daddy coming to pick me up cause daddy will be in the master room ignoring mommy annoying ass  

getting finger fucked an she tit fucks pov 

Thank you to zebaafghancollection for giving the opportunity to participate and get the girls… 

Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad makes 7 attempts to fly in 7 days, but airlines keep him grounded 

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

My Russian born wife says "Putin only understands strength." She is totally on-board Trumps not submitting to Putin's test of resolve #Syria

She Knelt Down! Mia Khalifa Kept Her Promise And Blows Up Donald Trump After Being Appointed The New President 

nude beige lipstick #muscular men fucking 

sophie: i could like report her stalkin ass to the police me: damn yours is that bad?

Sometimes I feel like Duche bag calls to the clinic are just tests because of how idiotic the people get.

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

Losing my mind. I was already awake at 4, but just before I could head back to bed, I heard a ringtone across the... 

View the Full porn video here 》》  Get Android adult videos app 》》  

There are lots of things to do around the house and you can't ... More for Pisces 

#Facilitators, this is a wonderful free resource for your #PublicParticipation work. 

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

Three anus queens and brutal dildos 

hunger is a primal instinct and you saying there's more less fortunate ppl than me, you think that makes me full..

#EverythingAboutRealityTV EP # 23 #SurvivorGameChangers is delayed and will be up at 10 pm EST! So sorry everyone! Behind Schedule tonight.

Tbh its 1 of 3 reasons. 1 of them are snakey. Its a competition to see who gets you. Or they heard you were a hoe.… 

As it is said, From no arising, everything arises. In this very arising, there is no arising. Jamgön Jü Mipham

One Fast Poll: MMK, I Can Do That, Magpakailanman and Full House Tonight #MMKRegrets #ICanDoThatAmazing… 

#DESSERTS and #FRUITS : Why spending money on expensive facial treatments when you can get the same effect with this…… 

Man, the attitude era produced such good entrance themes that were iconic and established character. That kick drum… 

service terrible, I hate my nails...bih you ain't getting shit

I've recently watched the 12th of 13 episodes of "Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon" -  #Pocket_MAL

jungkook in a hurry to change his clothes in the backstage, I'm loving this gif 

Photos: Gov. Ambode receives Queen’s baton of commonwealth game at Lagos  

Chelsea Clinton: I’m not the person to defeat Trump #robots  

Here's what Wesley Y Carroll says about Microwa #RefrigeratorRepairinDentonTexas #ElectroluxRepairHelpinWacoTexas 

Crazy SSBBW machine fucked fisted and deepthroated 

 Massive Mexican Handcrafted 3" by 2" Belt Buckle in Sterling Silver Eagle # 186

Soccer Legend Diego Maradona Suing Konami for Using His Likeness “Illegally” in PES 2017  

 "In every moment, with every Being, you are always Love meeting yourself, Love." ~ Amy Flynn   

Former No. 10 aide Daniel Korski launches venture to link startups with public services 

i can safely say the hoes that hate on strippers are same ones who send nudes !for free! lol at least i'm getting paid

It's time for #Congress to get off their asses and begin #impeachment proceedings against #Potus45 before he does any more damage!! #insane

ClouDatAI : How to Counter Big Players Bully for SMBs? -  Elements ML Programming ML97 2nd : 

Why Google’s SEO advice is NOT (always) in your best interest  

when you really look at something you never paid attention to before and then ur mind tells you ' IT'S A NEW TRIGGER' and then ur screwed.

Salvatore Ferragamo 1898 Black Leather Strap Watch, 40mm  

Not just a pair of tickets, it's 2 pairs for BOTH Shows! Get ready to dial 701-237-4949 

We offer: Proposal/Dissertation help, Assignments help and Degree mentoring (all up to PhD level) ......CONTACT: Admi… 

Actress you'd like to play with? (Name only one) — OH only one god uh well carrie was the one i dreamt... 

Robert Spencer: Muslim MP Turns Up the Heat in Her Battle Against Free Speech in Australia via ... 

Eating more chips and salsa than my body can handle and watching Broad City reruns... this is what saturdays are all abou

This is becoming an epidemic… I have now officially burned my cleavage with a curling iron for the third time #FeelsSoGood

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

You don't want to take anyone's word for anything today. You m... More for Aries 

Just as the body is dead without it's spirit, so faith without deeds is also dead. James 2:26 Most of the time,... 

YALL ARE FUCKING FINALLY NOTICING AND APPRECIATING HOMETOWN AND IM SCREAMING IM SO HAPPY ITS MY FAVOURITE SONG I LOVE TWENTY ONE PILOTS BYE

Scott Baio will boycott making dirty rice on his shift at Bojangles because of the Susan Rice unmasking controversy.

Leicester FC rising up the league, almost from the dead. Resurrection, U might say. Shakespeare's got it right. Richard 3 found in carpark.

The ordinary people now should start pelting stones at him. Then he will realise the pain of the army men there. 

Watch two minutes of uninterrupted Quake Champions gameplay  

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Legitimately Was just almost jumped in the middle of the woods but I skurt skurted my arse out of there right quick bc NOT TODAY SATAN

Rain has begun to fall on April 5, 2017 at 07:24AM in the city of Peculiar. Beat the rainy day blues with a fresh coffee.

#Odense #blowjobs domination #gilf4fuck #hotwife squirt #skypeme #livechat fucking #whatsapp #august 

fucked up wanna die fucked up wanna die fuckrf uo whwnna dirguvkeduo wanna die fuckef uocwanna fie fucked U.K. Wanna die fucked up wanna die

He like never talks about his younger brother. I just recently really registered that he HAS A BROTHER in the first plave

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

worst fuckin setup ever that cable management....... ~CANCER~ 

This dude nearly killed the host, just after we helped 'em kill The Pursuer! #DarkSouls2SotFS #PS4share 

You must know that anybody who comes up against you they have a God to deal with - Minister #TorrieWhite #prayer #theonething

Yo I could walk BACKWARDS and the snow in Erie will still hit me in the fucking face

I dont want to stay young forever b’coz if I do, I won’t be having my best dream which is to grow old with you. #ALDUBKSGoesToUS

In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point. Friedrich Nietzsche #friedrichnietzsche

Texas Ag Commish Sid Miller's Office Lives High on the Hog  #txlege A humble man of Jesus.

It's thundering and raining like a mf and the valley rats will still hit the valley downing Vegas Bombs looking for their future hubby/wife

I won at Hawaii stage with 147 points! Challenge me now![ #Bowling_King 

Bruh Steve Irwin twitter woulda been live as fuck and I know he woulda responded to questions cuz that shit was his passion

She's the best. Always making me laugh and putting a smile on my face. So thankful for my beautiful queen  … 

Everyone is hating on this pepsi ad but at least they are doing something about peace then the people ranting about it on twitter

Jimmy Butler's late surge helps Chicago Bulls edge Atlanta Hawks:  - Latest News -  #Latest

For Your Name Is Holy - I Enter The Holy of Holies - Paul Wilbur - Lyrics I choose to be Holy because Yahweh is Holy 

Fortunately, being a shy owl, I sandboxed my straying to limited confines, minimizing negative effects.

"See you after 2 hoes" "Hours*" I fucking dieeed

Stephanos got Epainetos of Andros to have sex with Neaira's daughter and extorted him. But Epainetos was already having sex with Neaira.

Crazy People That Should Have Never Been Taken These Types Of Foolish Selfies 

Check out "Nashville Cats" by The Lovin' Spoonful on Amazon Music.  Saturday songs. 

Am I wrong for not wanting another date because of this statement about my kid? 

Can't be a insecure nigga with a bad bitch... go get you a miss potatoe then

Alarm set for an early rise and trip down south to pick up a 12-string Vox Phantom. Thank you to everybody who has made that possible!!

  NEW MENU!!! Keep an eye out for our NEW menu, being released tomorrow evening. For the first 5 bookings, we'll... 

Wow #savandcole Have you even looked at your comments on the video??? People are not happy yet you want to block pe… 

May 2 Matters to the young women in Caring Together and their new cookware from your Valley Gives donations! Updates:… 

There are many so many persons in Trinidad and Tobago as well as the Caribbean who need Bone Marrow Transplants... 

Betting that the marching cubes tables for those corners - as was the ability to just wander whereever

Wind 2 km/h SSE. Barometer 1010,8 hPa, Aumento lento. Temperature 20,6 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 43%

Turning on each other: Roger Stone accuses Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner of leaking ‘fake news’ to ‘Morning Joe’… 

We've found the perfect summer treat for breastfeeding mommas! Mommy Treats and Merry Moo Artisan Ice Cream have... 

Your clear vision of success motivates you to reach higher to ... More for Capricorn 

We can reduce but we can never end abortion. We can not make people want to to be pregnant. Reduce abortion without risking women's lives

If you can even on the better for a member of merchandise, but he were there, blitzball, Wakka. [Chocobo Knights ride off,

My phone is so fucked it crashes when I try to delete 2 pictures at once

i am reading the fellowship of the ring and i swear i don't remember boromir being so damn annoying

Women's Fashion: One Pot Chicken With Caramelized Onions, Cardamom And Barberries. You will… 

#라이브토토게임 #라이브룰렛 #인터넷베팅 the old woman who m sperate effort    

✧ chilly and he forgot to wear his sweater. Suddenly his phone rings, it was Ken. The male swiped his finger across the screen to answer ✧

Every interview candidate is an opportunity for your company to interact with the public. How to Hire Well - Buil... 

#ChristJourney, ""...pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will for you in Christ …… 

Garuntee all of you I have one of the hardest questions to answer... just let me know if you want to try it

Calvin Klein NEW Blue Mens Size 2XL Slim-Fit Geo-Print Button Down Shirt $79 159 via eBay 

#GETOUTTheMovie...Clips! #OnetoWatch Don't watch it alone!!! Note: Apologies for the language... 

4. There are journalists who grew up in households that got govt assistance at some point in time. Most just don't talk about it.

RECAP: That Shit Was Boring. #Bruins Lose 2-ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ… 

The greatest to ever line up at safety would have been 34 today. RIP to the  , Sean Taylor. 

I honestly wonder how some people made it so far in life cause they're so unbelievably dumb.... Like literally born… 

Railways bounces back, posts all time high revenues  via NMApp 

U.S. strike on Syria is widely praised, but angers Russia: BEIRUT — World leaders rallied… 

I need some graphic design. I have a small business selling baby bibs. I already have a logo design I just need it… 

stop killing animals please just stop please forget your tastebuds they are not that fucking important, you're destroying our environment

That fucking hair-do though yo... Wtf... 

BTW: still fresh and insightful look into Trump and a must read - Playboy's 1990 interview: 

A neurosurgeon explains if this 'The Walking Dead' character would survive his #TheWalkingDead #TheWalkingDead 

Blue Super Soft Woven Mermaid Tail Sofa Blanket Hand Crocheted Knitting Wool  

finally watching Logan. would like to see the cut of this that's just Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart as a gay couple raising a daughter.

Snubbull IV:?%(?/?/?) Move Set: unknown/unknown Available until 09:37:38 (28m 44s). 

"You know what would be even more fun? An apocalypse happening while you're here" - my cousin abt me coming to Georgia

lozenger8: You know when professional writers say, “We’re not writing fan fiction”? My immediate reaction... 

SpaceX has announced the successful landing of payload fairing of the Falcon 9 rocket 

For students going to the park tomorrow, wear old shoes and bring a towel. The rain has stopped and it's going to be a beautiful day BUT wet.

You a bad bitch don't eva forget that 

"Who is the green team?" "Uh oh, Oregon has a 3 pointer. NC, find a 3 pointer." -my grandma     I just love her! #UNCvsOregon #marchmadness

You want something but you don't want to try. It's like you want to swim without getting wet. KISSES ShinesAtTradeLaunch

 EYE-WITNESS: kid Killing by #Royalty #Soros SATANIC #CULT RT  

I was hoping someone would tweet, "This dumb ass doesn't anything about wrestling, and now he's talking about geolo… 

I lost it when I seen the dirty nigga pro club boxer briefs

"My favourite gif on the internet was showing the dog sitting around the table and the caption was 'now we will discuss feline health'"

kim kardashian should have a reality show like the apprentice to find herself a surrogate mother lmfaooooo

IMF issues world’s RMB-identified forex reserves for first time – China Daily 

Commentary_ sharing the magic of christmas in greenville Now, back to Christmas Eve eve. Interior design home remodeling My husband ...

I think I got food poisoning from Chick-fil-A and I'm so sad.....and miserable. Damn food.    

Didn't ask me! Premium before Obamacare $317 month after ~ $819 Less coverage, fewer covered drugs, and higher deduct… 

Wikipedia word of the day is elephantry : (military, historical) That branch of an army that uses elephants. To celebrate April Fools' Day…

New Roscommon group condemns proposed plans to change drink driving laws  

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

Do you know who are awesome? My 2 new followers in the last week! Growing with 

Only selected Hindi super hit video songs are included in bollyhits: #bollywoodsongs #musicvideos… 

ava addams is a dirty cock whore 

Another country thinking ladies don't count well news for him they do .U men should be ashamed they way to treat yo… 

This Woman Photoshopped Her Body To Show the Ideal Picture of Beauty In 18 Countries 

The Mysterians (American Version) 1959 Cult Sci-Fi Film #dvd  

lol people will really take your words and run with it..that's why if you want to know something you go to the source

today's Random Encounter with Crazy Bostonians made my goddamn week   

"Somebody breeeak it uuup" she was scared after talking all that shit. He was right idc    ‍ 

Respect out of fear is temporary n fragile . Respect out of knowledge , awareness and love is permanent n strong . #GauRakshakTerror

Dude at the country club just said when the grass isn't long enough to cut his wife vacuums the lawn

Hassan Whiteside says Jonas Valanciunas likes to flop, labels him as a 'Grammy Award winning actor.'  … 

Hello people in #NYC, #LosAngeles, #London and elsewhere, watch Maleficent (2014) here:  

The best odds and bonuses. Pays even on weekends and during holidays - Billionaire Bet #LetTheGamePay 

I've been looking for this fucking thing for years. 

Swipe left  I'm working over here BRINGING RBE CULTURE and Luv back into the show game 

#Original #Autograph Vernon Davis signed San Francisco 49ers Spotlight 8x10 Photo (white jersey)… 

Without much ado, the Saturday Streamlines returns. The answer to the Riddle of the Sphinx. 

Congrats to all winners from VISTA Program! #CelebrateYorkResearch #YUImpact 

I really am still geekin at the fact that this bitch really said "I'm not the one who fucks everybody"      

For list of daily news from activists on the ground, journalists on front-lines, real news and more..… 

You was born to be real... Not to be perfect  Cheers to all those who have helped me as I push forward to try and… 

To get divorced because love has died, is like selling your car because it’s run out of gas.” — D. Sollee 

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! Find my name here  

[ 20% Rabatt ]  New Era Snapback Cap - NFL 2016 SIDELINE Miami Dolphins M/L 

Huck's "girlfriend" is the perfect rouge agent. She looks so regular - just blends in. She looks unassuming AF #Scandal

#Water can be used as a #FirstAid #Treatment for a #Burn, but it's difficult to keep in place unlike BurnFree gel.… 

 In Major Shift, Trump Taking #Egypt’s Human Rights Issues Private  … 

Facebook Is Racking Up The Likes Among The World's Biggest :  ,,, 

The way ta'll be bragging about being petty makes me question if ya'll know the actual definition of it, lol

switching lanes but ion got no gears   shawty said she wanna ride but she don't know how to steer  ‍ 

#wearables Herndon wearables company is out with another round — here's how much it has raised so far - Washington Business Journal 

Sign the petition to Senate Democrats: Delay everything. Absolutely everything. 

Hotel worker awarded €77k after cutting his hand while clearing receipts  1st woman his leg on table got 25k now this

Betty is just being fucking cruel to her freindzoned prisoner :P #MKR

Lmao my mom said "you can't just go on like 4 vacations a year" and I'm trying to figure out why tho    watch me

Tongue's out for a TRUNK SHOW! Coverups and champagne today and tomorrow   #watercolorfl #watercolormerchants #30a... 

vanguardngrnews: Biafra: Ex-Gov. Obi warns FG against use of force  

More #mountainrunning or #verticalrunning than #towerrunning. 2,700 steps of horror #valtellina… 

vou ver o lindo do Michael Fucking Scofield agaaain <3

I'm actually sick of people telling me what I should and shouldn't do, like I'll fucking do what I like when I like 

just because they weren't 18 when they did it. makes me absolutely fucking sick

Why no one took notice when Bahria Town used Bagh Ibn Qasim to lay sewerage line? ALL concerned depts let BT destroy the park.

LRT FHAJJGSFGJ CUTE GIRLS IN SHORT WHITE DRESSES I'M DYING and DEAD i'm gonna...go watch that MV i guess...

And look at London Grey. Where would the city folk be without their fish on the posh restaurants    

There are some fucking aggressive mosquitos in Russia then.

No,it isn't Stop #Assad Chemical Attacks.It is fucking stop Assad,end Assad,stop sending money to Assad,stop supplying arms to Assad.#Idlib

How it works? | | | The city's video surveillance system  

Highlight of the day : I LOST MY FUCKING RING!! 

Mississippi Jails Are Losing Inmates, And Local Officials Are 'Devastated' By The Loss Of Revenue 

Billie Lourd Celebrates Grandma Debbie Reynolds’ 85th Birthday With Tribute — See Pic  

Pastor Uche Agibe prays and declares that in the month of April we will get good news in everything we do in Jesus Name. #HOTRPush

Forever having horrible trust and overthinking issues and putting myself in a shitty mood.

Next Generation iPhone to Feature Smart Connector?...  

Uhm...the trailer for IT is sick, not in the "Trump is a sick man" way but in the "holy shit this movie looks sick" way.

You might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t... More for Scorpio 

The worst thing in the world is feeling like shit and not having your mum to go and vent to  

i'm OBVIOUSLY fucking hoping and praying they included jongin and yixing it was just me wondering

Actually you massive idiot, it would be classed as not sexist to not say them... being a feminst and getting feminism… 

#federer loosening up a bit now after looking a bit stiff early,#krygios match took a lot out of him coupled with recent run #ATPMiami

Y'all this is me tomorrow after a week full of bullshit courtesy of corporate America 

Homevideo Of Two Fat Lesbos Avoir Nasty Sex 

anyone else completely fucked for exams? I know I am

Lesbians gets fucked and cummed 

Federal appeals court rules Civil Rights Act protects LGBT employees from workplace bias  

light rain -> clear sky temperature down 33°C -> 29°C humidity up 49% -> 70% wind 4kmh -> 3kmh

Hello everyone! Hope your weekend is starting off right! We've been busy working on some very exciting stuff!... 

Please support Grace Foods brands. Tropical Sun - an Asian family have ripped off the entire range of Jamaican and African products.

Well there are two things: Number one is, make sure you always enjoy... #BrandiChastain #quote 

Alec Baldwin May End Donald Trump Bit Soon For A Depressing Reason  

Midwest economic survey index slips but still called healthy - Minneapolis Star Tribune  

Me and my bestfriend go through it but the bond is strong she's here to stay forever 

Home is where the heart is; and the heart of Los Leñadores finca is the farmhouse #kitchen  

SHOUT OUT TO THE WORST FUCKING COUNSELOR 

Please visit Counseling Support Services. We're here to help you put the pieces together New Jersey!  #monmouthcounty

I'm trying to hold my pee sooooo bad on this bus but the way this bus driver is driving Ima piss myself   

While Litunga Imwiko Lubosi will be escorted and heavily guarded by soldiers and police during the Kuomboka for... 

Listening to R4 on how some people in USA arguing that Sandy Hook massacre was a conspiracy. And support by Infowars. How did we get here?

Looking down at the busy Lisbon streets from the rooftop. #teacollection #travelkids #lisbon… 

10:45 ET Volume Leader #6 - VALE 5,640,169 Vale S.A. $VALE 9.49 -0.01 -0.05% High today of 9.63 day low 9.40. 

Fucking Around With Me We A Never Talk . I Don't Kiss Ass .

"25million no be money"- Efe Tboss said the same thing and his fans almost chopped her head off. SMH #BBNaija

Today's lunchtime unicorn chaser is from Caiti Allison. GREEN SCREEN ALERT! #ObscenelyOptimistic 

11 Innocent Kids Who Have Committed The Most Terrifying Crimes. #8 Gave Me Goosebumps 

Shhh! 4 Hidden Bars of #Brighton, you should probably visit them this weekend... 

Hairy Men Fucking on The Couch 

Today's Mood: Sick of putting up with condescending bullshit from men. 

Former basketball superstar Michael Jordan is the most recognized face in the world, more than the pope himself.

Let her go, liberal scrap heap! She saw Liberal shot for a money cow at fox! Has head mentaly issues! Liberal mind… 

So the folks who lost jobs to globalization should move to cities? Come on thru...hope you like different people. O… 

Gloss Black German Motorcycle Novelty Helmet $33.00 earn points #germanhelmet #motorcyclehelmet #motorcyclehelmets… 

Live From the #ACMAwards Red Carpet: The Ram Report #ACMAwards  

tbh this is the happiest I have EVER been in my life honestly god bless meds and therapy and all my hard work 2 better myself LIFE IS GREAT YALL

Zimbabwe didn't become a Junk because of Mugabe, but because people folded their arms and did nothing #JunkStatus #ZumaMustFall

cleaning her ass, then fucking her mouth 

Hey fam    The Baxter Theatre are offering UCT students and staff the opportunity to see Scenes from an Execution for… 

Struggle to remember song titles these days, but remember nearly all the lyrics to most of these tunes.   #TOTP

3 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 2 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past day. Thank you 

100% can confirm this is true. They also bleed rainbows when they get shot! 

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

I'm joking but I am ready for kid 2. Universe do ya thing. Minus all the itching I went through last pregnancy

Yuzuru Hanyu is really so humble! No wonder he is getting more and more love from people all over! #WorldFigure 

You can't. You have to search for them under 'chats' at the search bar at the top. Too much admin   

Sam people who said Januzaj was mint and couldn't stop garn on about that shit song are the same people that want Moyes out. Enough said

but it will never be or feel the same. All of that to say thank you, to the fandom and the cast even if it might not be a real goodbye +

#BeautyAndTheBeast heavily nostalgia driven with hints of charm and humour. The Beast was better as the beast! 6/10 

"I ain't stunting these hoes, need to talk what you know" is a fucking mood

as grateful as i am for the life God blessed me with, He gave me the worst pair of lungs. i can't breathe for shit and it's getting so bad

michael, i'm so sorry. i'm so sorry that an ugly ass bitch like this would even say that omg 

I hate this fuxking bitch ; fall out the window I don't care

Film of Nazi's supposed cruelty is all made in Hollywood. Film of Zionists is the primary source. 

Three C's of LIFE: Choice, Chance, Change – You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never chan… 

if henrik and tarjei ever end up in the same show i won't be surprised, they can make miracles with their natural connection

I can't think about Rikers w/out thinking about Kalief Browder, and it crushes me every time.… 

John describes “darkness” as the meeting place with God - “direct communication with him” – where we “see” God... 

Forget the waffle of ‘global’ Britain – and learn to hug Germany close | Martin Kettle 

if u ever feel bad bc u broke a fuckboy's heart chill bc he ain't got a heart

We just be linking up and fucking We keep it gutta #Moneybaggyo  

fucking fat girls for windowsmediaplayer 

Kinda sad that Come Closer is just the official release of Hush up the Silence  I heard this a long time ago! But it's still lit!

End of 1st: #Nuggets 27, #Pels 31. Denver shooting 42% from the field but 3-of-8 from beyond the arc. Jokic has 8 points, 6 rebounds.

This is a "self-harm" trigger, for some kids. They cut, pick, scrape, themselves to see blood. Could be a self muti… 

I'm fucked up, I'm faded I'm so complicated Those things that I said They were so overrated But I,yeah, I meant it I really fucking meant it

HAHAH we all know harry hasn't been dating since he met Louis fucking Tomlinson :))

BREAKING: I Will Never Resign!!! Silence Is The Best Answer For Fools - Buhari Tells APC, Shocks The World - 

why did things have to change why did you have to leave me why did my entire life downward spiral i was doing so good and you fucked it up

Harry Styles still can't believe he agreed to high-flying new video  #bandly 

This is some feed back I've gotten from this mix that's about to come out. Be ready people 

#3Novices : South Korea's Park may be in larger cell than others, but lights out at 9  Dressed in the green jumpsui…

You would love to call it quits early in the day so you can le... More for Cancer 

The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time 

Personalized learning: Why your classroom should sound like a coffee shop  #edtech #steam 

He Didnt Have The Nerve To Open The Trap Door In His Cabin So He Hired A Handyman To Do It For Him 

BPD 911 Dispatch: HIT AND RUN | PULASKI HY/N HAVEN ST | Thu, Apr 6th 2017, 3:15 pm | Low | P170961626

Russian Hackers Are Still Using a Backdoor From the 90s  #information #security

El Cerrito: Larvitar  24.4% (5/1/5 - Rock Smash/Crunch - s:large) til 14:22:00(27m 26s). 

Based in #Middlesex we are dedicated to #Invisalign #aligners ensuring you get first class treatment and results 

i love to go to shows and find that One Ensemble Member that you look for every time there's a big number ,, proud of u buddy idek u

PREACH! My eyes always got huge when my defender stayed in the paint to help    

My mom walked into my room so I had to fake sleep and she took my phone outta my hand and sat in my room tryna see if my pc was on for 15min

'Skylanders' learns what Amiibo knew all along: drop the portal  

  Relatively High Price to Forward Sales Detected in Shares of CIGNA in the Managed Health …

I ain't fucking if head aint coming with it #Facts

Let’s test our friendship! #BoardKings   

That terrible time of year where, depending on what time you leave the house, you need swim trunks and a damn winter coat #SpringIsWack

WATCH: This 12-year-old predicted the March Madness final four  

These are the cosmic waves you've been waiting for, so grab yo... More for Aries 

i will personally fight anyone who thinks its jihoon fault for china line / joshua or literally member that doesnt get as many lines

mom: "experts say that ppl who leave messes, stay up late, and use bad language are considered intelligent" dad: "that's hannah" oh

But it felt like ppl were more understanding of MTV/VH1 changing while BET became this evil entity of destruction. Not to me.

Advantages to Using Internet Website Marketing [hana-code-insert name='Fiverr' /] Are you a business t  #business

Idc what these bitches say I won't have my girl out here looking stupid  

When thou art at Rome, do as they do at Rome.   Captured by Dino in Rome #VisitRome #roma #visitrome… 

Amtrak to Roll Out 28 High Speed Trains for Its Acela Express Service in 2021 

Military ball 2K17 was lit af. With all my friend and my boo. I would relive it again and again  

Masters 2016: Shane Lowry and Lee Westwood feature in shots of tournament  

Special treats for our wonderful volunteers! #RanIBStars #nationalvolunteermonth #VolunteerHere 

Imagine boycotting any and all products from the EU though. What a fucking dullard.

my friend is stoned as fuck in amsterdam right now and this is how he spells "au revoir" 

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

Nikki Bell Continues Fucking Machine Rope Bondage for her Master's Cum 

New way to politely disparage your political opponents: "You're a good dude, but not smart enough to see what your bill actually does"

#girl getting fucked in her sleep angelina jolie's sex video 

Sometimes When Ya Back Up Against The Wall And You Can't Control Certain Things That  ️e So You Leave It Up To The Powers That  ️e   

You are a force to be reckoned with wherever you go now, and ... More for Aries 

a bunch    of fucking    hypocrites        

If u beef over some dick I think u need to go to fucking church

Trey Gowdy Destroys Hillary When He Finds Out She Planned “Political Terrorism” On Him! [Details] 

It's Even Boring Listening To These Niggas Talk About Golf     

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

i fucking hate bryce. that episode was so triggering i almost cried

From 3:55 onwards in this video it's like Colbert is being heckled by a deaf guy. 

The homie mike bigboulderpark . Polejam to something, lol. #snowboardingsaveslives #big #bolder… 

Serpents in my mind Trying to forgive your crimes everyones changes in time I hope he changes this time

MONSTA X CRYIDNSG ON THE NO EXIT BROADCAST WHATSH THEFICK NO ONE FUCKING ASKED

Castle giveaway 1 diamond each entry#Liveme   best friend 000 :  

Rep'n that #Dad swag - almost a litre in one #mug will do nicely for my morning… 

Chris Patten says Theresa May is creating “Millwall” Britain: “No one likes us, we don’t care” 

girls who want fucked in defiance oh #porno girls video indijana vomen 

Then, If Something Happens To The Items That Are Insured, The Insurance Company Is Supposed To Compensate You For 

SEE I HATE HOES WHO TAKE THEY NIGGAS ON TALK SHOWS AND FOR HOES 

Virtual reality pioneer Palmer Luckey departs Facebook in wake of controversies  

Neymar scores his 100th goal for Barcelona... in 11 matches less than it took Lionel Messi  

these people spend a lot of time rehearsing being even more insufferable than the president 

Coding like a boss_ get what you’re owed - audigy group Coding plays a big role in getting reimbursed for audiology services provided ...

i was like "i think about it a lot" because i do and we like immediately were crying like FCK happy sunday

Tfw someone at the bus stop harasses and follows you because they think you have cigarettes when you don’t

Practising stress management techniques is a natural way to stay healthy during cold and flu season and avoid more serious health problems.

Fucking hell look at the 3 headliners! What a load a shite! Katy Perry tho   

(If I owe you a reply please forgive me. I can't find them! It will take me a bit of time to go through my mentions.)

Saskatchewan cattle prices continue upward spiral in latest weekly summary  #sk #yqr… 

ok yea i listen to weird music but this guy is playing some metal mexican rap shit and I really need to leave this class

Is too heavy!!!! Eye cream is not re-packaged heavy moisturizer!!! Not everything in the goddamn world is a gimmick!!!!

You long to be the center of attention, but you can take your ... More for Leo 

A l'antenne actuellement Starsailor - Silence Is Easy #Indie #BritPop #RockRadio 

This #StockMarket Bull is ready to Punch all the Naysayers in the Face #investing #trading 

Today, two eleven year olds told me "Ms. Heather, thank you." Another one told me, "I would have been here longer, if it wasn't for you."

los angeles, hawthorne great Opportunity! buy this home zero down!! (long beach) $400000 3bd 1500ft2 

Idk why everyone thinks I'm having such a bad day. So what I didn't do my hair and dressed rough. I'm having a great day lol

I don't have a Snapchat account. If I did the only thing I'd do would be to update me cruising to the blast of... 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

Suffolk County Launches Septic Improvement Program - WSHU  #SuffolkCounty #LongIsland 

News: See Dare-devil Hoodlums Caught Vandalizing a Borehole in Delta State (Photo)  

//I swear... If any sons of Beast other than Ben pop up and are a little TOO close to mine... we might have some problems. >.>

Now reading "Getting Things Done" by David Allen, though I tried to keep in my shelf and have them always with me.

Just two of eight First Round matchups are set entering the final weekend of the regular season: MTL vs. NYR and PIT vs. CBJ. #StanleyCup

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at a shadowy criminal empire!  #TreCru 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

The Forex News has 3 default parameter sets with various risk levels: Low, Medium and High.  #OnlineTrading

Me: "omg I fuckin hate this song" Me: *turns it up and sings along*

Vehicular jihad Muslim Mows Down, Murders Jewish Soldier, a ‘Sweet Kid’ Who ‘Couldn’t Hurt a Fly’… 

A Park Bo Gum and Kim Yoo Jung inspired love story.    #ParkBoGum #LITMPagsuko #BooYoo | His Ex and Lies #wattpad 

Breaking BBNaija: Tboss Becomes 'head Of House' After National Anthem Palava (photos) 

"Aye I heard you think Kodak Black is the best rapper alive, Lets ride fam"       ‍ 

county clerk: we could put the father's name on the birth certificate if you want me: nah, it's fine. thank you my mom: he died. he's dead.

To my children, both past and present, I've loved serving you as headteacher. Remember all that you've learnt and do me proud as you go forward.

Where's the US outrage and support for these transgenders being forced into the draft like men? We should shelter t… 

It’s ‘No April fool’s joke, here’ It’s a giveaway to win a stay at The Resort, Malad, Mumbai Just ‘like’ our page!… 

Class lona mass ni, Mass lona class ni mix chesthe beauty ani #HappyBirthdayAlluArjun 

girlie shows off fucking skills video 

Rams CB Kayvon Webster brings Super Bowl credentials -  Webster is a potential starter at cornerback and a s...

ARCHIVE KKSM MBDGAG 3-18 12-3pm  Rachmaninoff plays Piano Concerto 1  #pianoconcerto #radio

Great buy Lafayette 148 New York Sleeveless Cotton Crepe Yarn Striped Dress Multi Buy Now #BestBuy at… 

Some #realestate trends for 2017. White kitchens are big and outdoor living is very important.… 

I'm so mad rn. I literally just watched birds eat a fucking napkin that someone couldn't throw in the trash can. Wtf man.

Nbs yo too bad our couches folded on niggas 

SHE JUST WANTS HER BONE BACK! Animal Jam Wild: A Puppy’s Tale | Bins Game Center 

Brunette is Paid for Fucking Services 

Capital Product Partners L.P. upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to hold.  $CPLP #CPLP

I, a 22 year old male, a, playing Roblox instead of going to the rink. Don't tell me how to live my life.

Whattttt    that fucked me up   

Pleased to address the 3rd Platoon roll call for the first time #NYPDprotecting 

Fucking Me Jessica dans hotsprings 

Nevermind they stopped shipping coal to PRK. US will act alone on North Korea if China fails to help, #Trump says 

Come #VisitPerak17 Ill give you a free tour. Find great place to eat and lepak all lah for free. You belanja i lunch je enough di.

#EastEnders bloody hell it's like watching that movie  #FinalDestination

Please RT if you like!! #luxurycars #luxury #supercars #cars SURPRISE NEWS ON MY LAMBORGHINI HURACAN!!… 

Chick with dick shemale fucked 

She notes the importance of not ony being an artist, but of caring about the art that you put… 

Trump sends letter to Vietnam's president to promote ties  #Reuters 

Desperate Obama Asks Americans To Sell Their Possessions To Finance His Campaign  I hope Mrs. Hart is proud. #IASen

Up next: Silvia Marsoni, MD, from University of Milan and Ospedale Niguarda. #AACR17 

nybooksRT NathanThrall: An exceptional piece on an exceptional critic. Christopher Carroll on Virgil Thomson in th… 

Forget about #DonaldTrump and watch this new #movie:  

Fuck if I had money I would be going to the suns game tonight!!!

Exactly stupid bitch trying to embarrass me 

April fools day isn't for me cause I'm the fucking worst at lying  

#Mishap in #PSPCL office, 3 employees electrocuted, 1 dead, 2 critical  

"I know, right? Thank god Rogers isn't here. He'd me after me with his Language thing the whole time.."

Guys, let's not do this to #LionKing. Beyoncé. Can. Not. Act! We love her, but ayikhona 

Mayb my feet are so small bc I have STUBBED MY TOES SO MANY TIMES I STUNTED ALL POSSIBLE GROWTH YEARS AGO.

"Hey, Mike, that show you still love even though other people think it's not as good is now aping your favorite genre of movie? Interested?

fUc k I almost cut myself with my exacto knife trying to open the plastic packets the runners come in please don't tell my parents

Smithy is the shittest kid ever seen man honestly took like 100$ in 1week of him and 90% of the games got disputed, got 2times someone in

Match 3. 18.6: C Woakes to S Raina, 4 runs, 169/3 #KKRvGL #VIVOIPLEdition #VIVOIPL 

#hardcore deepthroat pics nigerian girls fucking 

Northampton Police Hold Swearing-in, Award Ceremony (pls RT↺) ️️  #22news #westernmass #frank

when moonchild is coming to ny for less than $20 in a train accessible place but it's on a Friday night <<<<<<

Hebrews 9:14 How much more, then, will the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself... 

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

Stressing about shit you can't change is the worst

These are the cosmic waves you've been waiting for, so grab yo... More for Aries 

*Sel calls Bai* Sel: where u at? Bai: at my fucking house

Poll:63% of America Say Traditional TV and Newspaper Outlets Report Fake News#Media #fakenews #deepstate #Politics 

Original thoughts early in IN and OH did not "raise eyebrows" expectation originally isol wind or hail. Result: 21 tornadoes (2/2) #ssdrc2017

2017 Fleet Dj's Conference in Raleigh N.C. will be spotlighting Dj's , Artist and industry tastemakers July 20th-23rd . Inquire for details

"It’s more important for you to believe in your powers of discernment than someone else’s healing powers."

Dennis Rodman on Kobe-Shaq bickering: 'I couldn't deal with those [expletives]' -  

Hi Prof. This is the central claim of the extensive literature on critical race studies, critical whiteness studies… 

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

1 of the reasons u never see me wear nothin remotely figure fitting is cuz hate being harassed on the street idc bout political correctness

10 late night #healthy #snack ideas that won’t ruin your hard work or #bodygoals  #fitness… 

funny how someone can tell you they love you then exactly a week later tell you to "rot in hell" lol how unfortunate

if a person has shown theyre more educated on certain issues than in the past, which nj has, bringing up a past mistake just to hate and-

Myer eBay mid-season offer - Extra 10% off , Terms and ...  

Great week at PGL with my class but I am absolutely done right now. Can not wait to fall asleep later and wake up in 2018     

HitLights High Density LED Light Strip - Cool White 5000K SMD 5050 - 300 LEDs, 1  

I want to get fucked by men Surrounded by men SMMMMOOOTHEERRRREEEEED

My knee is gonna give out on me one day I can feel it...but I hope I don't have to have surgery again 

Even if you don't watch 13 Reasons Why, watch the last episode because holy god. Anyone and everyone of all ages should watch it.

Without a shred of irony my gf's sis said "If there's nothing wrong wi it, dont try to repair it." I said "If it's not broke, don't fix it."

Stop listening to #music, eat #food and watch Havenhurst (2017) here:  

6 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I don't like girls pictures unless they're my girl or my family out of respect for her its not a necessity but a choice

Abi_Whitley It's not possible to say if or when an item will be back, keep them in your saved items and be sure to check daily.

16-Year-Old Boy Shoots Girl Over Snapchat, Horrified As Cops Reveal His 1 Mistake!!!! 

What the fuck is up with Twitter's scrolling? Is anyone else getting really bad fucking lag in the interface? Or is it just me?

Haley Scoot gagged then fucked 

Lost bet College Girl badly fucked 

Q5 In a standards based environment, how can we close the achievement gap by conveying Relevance? #sblchat

Yolonn I Know Yo Stupid Ass The One Who Quoted This  ‍  

Facefucked Slut Fucked dur Puis facialized 

2017 Black History and Culture Showcase presents "Bringing Herstory to Life" Denise Valentine as… 

11-year-old boy shot 3 times at party while protecting younger sister #NewOrleans  

I hit my head on my bed earlier and it was bleeding and mom made me send her a pic so she could make sure I didn't need stitches

this syrian gas attack thing is so fucked man what is wrong with this world

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

#MansionElan Tonight 18 and UP EVERYONE FREE ALL NIGHT TEXT "SKIP" TO 678.755.9821 TO SKIP LINE ON GUEST LIST  x11

Someone could just tell me to cry and I could burst in to tears!!! When will my emotions be normal again  

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

I'd be damn if any motherfucker have me out here looking stupid

I don't know what I did but I've finally been blocked by    !!! My dream's have been accomplished 

Y'all fucked up niggas have they moments    ‍ 

Dem senator holds floor in 15-hour speech to slam Supreme Court nominee  

Dust storm boys, we're fucked 

#DonaldTrump admin signals major shift on #Assad and #Syria. Removal no longer a priority. 

Congratulations to Teddy Long! Referee, manager of Doom, Smackdown GM, and the AES’ favorite running gag. #WWEHOF 

Talking with a friend about your long-term goals helps clarify... More for Gemini 

DD is becoming a great #cajun chef. Can you recommend a classic cajun #cookbook or recipe to advance her studies? THX:)

Can Bobby slow down a bit when he's talking? It's hard enough trying to keep up with the game! #PPVTT

2 'dangerous' inmates escape from correctional center - Police are searching for inmates who fled a Washington ... 

This is why I don't want daily contact. You are driving me insane. Can't you set up another email account to contact me, with your skills?

Fuck me, even Roman's feeling bad for Taker at this point #Wrestlemania

If ya'll don't get the fuck outta here with this mess!!!!!!!! 

The White House will be illuminated in blue on Sunday to mark World Autism Awareness Day.  

I've just unlocked The Glimmer of Silver achievement in Paradise Island 2!  #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight

Fantastic writeup for a Hugely underrated bowler for his times. Credit has to go where it is due. 

11:41 - Trains diverted via Seven Sisters all day.  Otherwise a good service is running. RS

#BTS’s Longtime Choreographer Keone Madrid Finally Gets To See Them Perform...  by… 

Free Revlon PhotoReady Primer and Highlight and Blush Duo via Couponing 4 You - FREEBIE ALERT!! ... 

fashion ˈfaʃ(ə)n/ noun noun: fashion; plural noun: fashions a popular or the latest style of clothing, hair, decoration, or behaviour.

You lost sight of the fact that obeying an illegal order is still illegal. You will go to jail 

  ASS FUCKED  

New of HELLO KITTY on Ebay for the United States Sanrio Hello Kitty Loungefly Embossed Hand Bag Black Shiny Satche…… 

#Syria I hate the bs corrupt, all destroying government of the United States. I hope the US crush financially, like all the former empires

6vixx finally has ig. Im so happy. I thought hongbin would be the first to get ig but he turned out to be the last lmao

Eileen needs an IG that's a bad bitch JU heard 

DEAR LORD,PLEASE WATCH OVER EVERYONE IN THE PATHS OF THESE TORNADOES,PLEASE KEEP THEM SAFE FROM HARM,andPLEASE WATCH… 

I'm repeating you if u sai ethnicity and I said it was a country! Your stupid Somali is a member of Somalia ppl. So… 

Fucking insane. Please pull out fellas. Please. 

In abrupt shift on Syria, Trump turns to military advisers  

Meganium IV:57.8%(12/8/6) Move Set: Razor Leaf/Solar Beam Available until 12:03:48 (19m 48s). 

Narcissistic personality disorder mother in law pronouning me on the phone to her own daughter. It's been 12 years. What's she up to?

I was craving chicken nuggets so fucking bad. Thank u morning star for ur veggie nuggest even tho that wheat allergy will bite me in the ass

Pray for me. Tommorow is going to be a long day and I wouldn't even have acces to internet untill like 10 pm or something

rob brought wings last night for christian and i awoke from my sleep to eat one and that shit was spicy as hell it killed my sleep

Thanks so much for the amazing review Kim! I'm so glad I as able to make the process easy for you! Good luck in your new home! #yelpreview

Joe Boxer Bronx Girls NWT Youth black slip on casual shoes - size 13  

this is also despicable and fucking lousy, and to an even greater extent than anything Obama ever did or didn't do. trump is a eunuch.

they're gonna get attacked so bad and i cant defend them. nor can i just say educate them. its 2017.

Red Dawn #1 is in the books! Great turnout by basketball, football and soccer. Thanks athletes/coaches. See you next… 

RhonKlinikum AG RHK Pharmaceuticals Healthcare Deals and Alliances Profile Updated 21022017 Prices from USD $250 

theres about 5 girls on the planet that i dont hate   girls are psycho greasy bitches like wowww 

there are two types of govt one is shadow  bureaucratic on the Hill and the other is federal they always clash they must be pedophiles

LAST STREAM..... OF THE WEEK   LIVE on #Twitch Playing: #detention Click:  

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

Why Dele Alli's evolution is more like that of Ronaldo (#CR7) – and not Frank Lampard.  

T oall the athletes who have games today, to all the student who have their thesis defense today; goodluck! 

For every bad bitch there's a nigga tired of fucking her #IJS

dale cooper quartet and the dictaphones - 10 june 2011, christuskirche boc... 

Me fucking my girlfriend and cumming on her 

need to focus on us, can't change anything what has happened tonight at Southend or what happens tomorrow at Oxford, let's do our bit #sufc

Luis ; headass  Recklesz ; head ass  Shameless   Prison break     Breaking bad      

The only person that can do the work is you. And you can. #crossfit  

[Thread:] Is there a better angle out there of the Silva / Fryklund KO? I've only ever seen this one. on /r/MMA 

#SyriaAirstrike yall have me fucked up 

Scripture(s) Acts 1:8; Lk 10:1-2 (GNT) Introduction: Wrong perception about evangelism ministry: Evangelism is... 

Trump is one stupid freaking idiot 

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

Tunahasoo by 929 | These Fresh And Talented Trio Dedicate Single To Hustlers  #PlayKenyanMusic

[South Side] Snorlax (M) (IV: 57%) until 11:31:00AM at 5417 Long Ave  

BITCH IM SICK OF WORKING and GOING TO FUCKING SCHOOL, BUT I HAVE TO IF I WANT TO BE FUCKING SUCCESSFUL IN LIFE     

#TechCrunch Utah becomes the first Power Five school to give scholarships to video gamers 

6) We have shown an unwavering commitment to all of student government, and will work to rid student government of its divisiveness.

wanna hit you with a fucking chair, u have pissed me off x

Most powerful way to breathe life into your #brand #mlm  

"I wonder who invented alcohol.. like.. who decided they wanted to just get fucked up.." -nico

#aboutlastnight at Tropicana Hotel and Casino attending The South Jersey Organization Basketball… 

And, just a few hours after announcing their engagement, Brad and Janet had both tasted forbidden fruit.

A notification about a gate or luggage carousel change would be useful, but, you know, you do you. (I love JB, truly, I just wanna go home.)

Imagine getting angry about a fucking Easter egg hunt

Simon of Cyrene and Mary McLeod Bethune: A Lenten Reflection | General Board of Church and Society 

#WetNWildFoamEdition April 7th •WVU  Penn State •Frostburg Fairmount • Allegany  Garrett •1000+ STUDENTS !! 

#bald girls fucking what do pussy taste like 

Wow..Feds must not "compete for profit with the people" as it tends to exploit the population whenever it is involved in mercantile activity

How the Blockchain Will Impact Our Lives in 5 Years  #blockchain #medium #bitcoin

“A mind that opens its door to fears, doubts, grudges, jealousy and anger, compromises its peace in return.”... 

Take your work seriously? Then take your appe,rance seriously. Clients are more likelj to dtal with people who loxk like they care.

This was me about spring break too like it is anytime I leave for a long time 

naruto comics fucking story 

Havent worked for three days yet i still slept during the day and was up at night but I work tonight and cant sleep now. UGH.   ‍  ‍   

Ed Milliband. Ex pm. Playing the twat for laughs on TV. Democracy is a shiny mobile above your baby cot.

Brutal asshole threesome with cowboy 

Pedro's top 5 artists this week: The xx (233), The Weeknd (62), Lana Del Rey (27), Little Mix (21), Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone (15) #jotafm

They're making money off of MURDER. They don't give any shits about the kid they killed. 

Closeup Of Pussy Getting Fingered And Fucked 

You might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t... More for Scorpio 

04-06 New Movies This Week: #ScottEastwood in 'Diablo,' Natalie Dormer in 'The Forest' #ScottEastwood 

We know you track everyone. That's the point. Enjoy your freedom while you can. 

Dragonair 55.6% (14/1/10/Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) until 04:17:06pm (28m 17s). lvl30+ CP:470 (L11) 

#Bible.org Religious Folklore - You Do Not Get all of the Holy Spirit when You are Saved. Read Blog: 

Setting up first surgery today, Pontprennau church. Coffee Shop open, only one caller at surgery, but lots of peopl… 

My bitch bad! 2x Dax! <EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️   #GriseldaBlanco #Solidwhite #AmericanBully #Daxline #inheatnow <EMOJI>️#24kkennels 

I keep giving my heart out to the cold hearted ass females.

Absolutely devastating news to wake up to seeing my girls (Uconn) lose in the final four. Mark my words, we'll be back next year. #gohuskies

Please read the statement Issued by the Survivors Circle and Governing Circle of the NCTR on Senator Beyak: 

Im Joo-eun To Appear In Weekend Drama 'Thief-nom, Thief-nim' As Chaebol Heiress 

ZADOK MEN'S BREAKFAST THIS SATURDAY MORNING Our monthly Zadok Men's breakfast is coming up this Saturday April... 

Someone just tweeted their dismay at why a prof of Islamic studies was chosen to head jamb. I can't stop laughing.

This dirty slut uses her feet 

Google updates Material Design Guidelines, releases color tool for creating palettes and testing accessibility  #te…

Dan Rather slams Trump on Syria: ‘It is a whole lot easier starting wars than finishing them’… 

The Catch - Episode 2.05 - The Bad Girl - Promo, Promotional Photos and Press Release  

How you telling niggas not be boring but got a dull ass personality?

April Fool's Day AKA National Find Out Which One Of Your Friends is a Fucking Asshoke Day #aprilfoolsday

nigga i am leaving this boring ass party with this katy perry ass music hdeikdjfi i need to go listen to this shit. BYE!

Jose Mourinho right to sell Luke Shaw to stop ‘poison’ spreading around Manchester United,…  

[CONT] detain these 'criminals.' Please beware the serious repercussions these gangsters will pursue upon you. 

Pectic enzymes in ripening peaches infected with Monilinia fructicola  #EurekaMag

"They say that, but it's bogus," Cohen argued. .... Stephen F. Cohen, professor emeritus of Russian studies at... 

National Championship: Mississippi State, after historic upset of UConn, faces South Carolina for title; watch liv… 

Morning sports update: BU’s Charlie McAvoy headed to Bruins  

OH MY GOD LIZ JUST FUCKING BLOCKED ME IM SCREAMING

You long to be the center of attention, but you can take your ... More for Leo 

Two men shot, critically wounded in Auburn Gresham #chicago #news  

Steaming Redhead Wearing Bikini Gets Fucked Up By A Horny Cock 

Security Guard Wings Event Center: Wings Event Center - Kalamazoo, MI - Top Reasons to Work With GHG We are one of… 

So my new favorite droid of all time is this rewired imperial droid..idk his name yet but he's awesome... — watching Rogue One

Very people who demonize Putin+seek the President's destruction(Hillary Clinton, Obama+Global Corporations) armed+t… 

He's completely okay with this, she can stay as long as she wants. But he wants a headpat - 

I hate when grown ass men complain about paying their bills, stfu! Please! Get 2,3,4 jobs to make ends meet!

The Immense Value of Written Content for Your Business  #contentmarketing #writing #content

New post: North Korea Fires #missile Ahead of Trump-Xi Meeting  

Opiate dependence is a disease of reward deficiency. Dysfunction of the brain reward circuits #opiatedependence #addiction #heroinepidemic

Kendrick got me all hyped for tomorrow and shit only to reveal the album drops NEXT week 

im confused why is eveyone saying keiynan lonsdale is gonna be bram in simon vs. where r u getting this info from i feel so out of the loop

‘The Mermaid’s Daughter’ brings new life to old tale: book review  

General Manager - Brockhole on Windermere - Windermere, Cumbria - LAKE DISTRICT NATIONAL PARK 

Watched one horror movie and now i'm fucking quivering in my boots

38th ANNUAL WOMEN’S 3.1Mile (5K) RUN "NA HOLO WAHINE" and 1Mile Walk, Maui’s ONLY All Women's Event, Sat., May 6th… 

"The first thing a future world champ needs to be taught is to be lucky. And luck is a woman you must learn to seduce."

When police arrested 12 ppl re involvement with the #WestminsterAttack they said 2 of the arrests were important and they were widely reported

Breaking!Kitchen Sink Strainer save 20%off use code LZIFK5KD product links:  #giveaway

Dimitri Vegas and Like Mike - Stay A While (Mauricio Cury Bootleg) #NowPlaying 

"I'll have a coke" Is Pepsi okay? "Honestly...I'm not sure what they were thinking" So you wanna Sierra Mist or...

If nothing is done soon all the stores will be Muslim. Enlist and read the truth at  Stand up! 

I just had a realization on why I hate the one charecter in the Acting 2 show. There is no reason for me to care for her or her problems

I don't see why people get so mad over parents providing for their kids no matter how old they are 

I'll acknowledge my archenemy since it happens to be the worst day of the week. Fuck you, Daredevil. 

If you have insurance, you have a HDHP (high deductible health plan) and an HSA (which you don't have money in).

#BetterWorkingWorld There's a reason our economy is unbalanced and it's because people who don't need exorbitant amounts of money make $$$$$

This little Man - Pedro! His first time here and he didn't do that bad for 11 months. :) 

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

I just entered the Travel + Leisure Map Your Moment #Sweepstakes. If you enter I may get a bonus entry! See rules 

New In Box Beats by Dr. Dre Solo3 Wireless Headband Headphones Rose Gold No Tax  

anyway here's day 3 (4?) of it being hot and me complaining about comics, i hope yall have me muted accordingly

i feel like after the ol Jade Curtiss Drama of 2015 i'm just. the neurodivergent headcanon dude. thats me now

"Desi your friend is so damn ugly. You know how you look at people and be like alright they cool, no he is really ugly."     

Niggas cheat and then get mad at you for getting mad like             NOBODY TOLD YOU TO CHEAT W THE BITCH AT THE DRIVE THRU HOMIE LMFAO TF

Told my 3yr old niece that I'm going to drink her chocolate milk and she runs over and grabs my ears while growling at me

MY RESIDENT CLUB-- #ProtectSFNightlife is bigger than #HUESF. As a community we need to support… 

The conversations I hear between the moms at the park are unbelievable. Currently listening to this woman talk about her painful hemorrhoid 

But for the largest single profession in the UK, I've heard precious little from nurses standing up for the abusive cuts to #ESA

I didn't fucking know everyone has to know our fucking business.. why don't you tells the rest of the world

Two decades of my life and the world is to fucked up It's changeable but what ever I say you'll think it's not

A proposed law would let Italian women received paid leave during their periods  

Swear to god if this fucking dog doesn't stop whinning im gonna fucking spazz

Lolita: In 1970 she was torn from her family. Bring Lolita Home! #FreeLolita #Blackfish 

#andhra nacked sex girls phots lesbians fucking pictures 

My question to her is "how will she pay off the generation of debt left by the fib dems last time they were in coun… 

I need a consolation cigarette. #Wrestlemania jsut fucked us.

Inspiration is wonderful when it happens, but the writer must develop an approach for the rest of the time. The wait is simply too long. LB

i fucking hate taco bell but del taco is life with them rollers

u always state your opinions but yet you don't want hearing other people's opinions about you? how ironic  

So happy I got to meet the king ! Treasure this photo and the letter he sent me forever  NiallOfficial

dont get me wrong I was feeling the bern but since that didnt happen i was nearly PRAYING daily for hrc and I'll never stop being mad

Creative Circle is looking for a Graphic Designer in Fort Lauderdale, Florida  on Krop #design #job #jobs

So we'll piss of the neighbors In the place to loose you tear ..   #PILLOWTALK   

Marlins can't win once against the nationals, now they're due for a win against the Mets next series, dumb

You cant tailor your situation in life but you can tailor make your attitudes to fit those situations. - Zig Ziglar

RFK was an attorney and chief counsel of the Senate Labor Rackets Committee. Ivanka Trump sells clothes. 

Don't depend on anyone else to make your dreams come true. You have everything within you to make dreams happen on your own. #SierraRaine

i love tori more i swear (tho i have to admit i think about wataru more but trust me hes only like my top 15 trust me)

I hope Fellaini knows he owes us a goal on tuesday for that pk he caused in the first leg against everton

Milf Kendall Picked Up and Fucked 

The person I got on the work IT Help Desk is just quoting the email I sent them back at me. I give up.

That said, the fucking MOMENT I hear anyone's protesting downtown, I am THERE.

Fresh coffee is ready to fill these mugs. Breakfast daily 7am! #breakfast #coffee #coffeetime<EMOJI>️… 

Guy finds his GF fucking with his bro 

Why Google's venture arm is betting big on a data backup start-up #Facebook #android #app go to 

Guh Google all di products weh Pepsi produce/distribute. If yuh have any of dem inna yuh fridge/cu'bad yuh really doe have nuh prob wid dem

We want to take a time out, to pause and share some exciting news that we have promoted Dennis as our manager at... 

Ladies..trying figure out ...who the hell would have sex with Trump..look at him...and he is also a ugly PIG soul..… 

THIS SUNDAY 9 APRIL - CORBY - use all your senses to see and hear things like never before with Vanessa Grasse.… 

Not sure if these provision I'm eating are either good or bad....but I've eaten yam yesterday and cassava today, 'country living'?

If this came in I'd get all the horses names tattooed on my arse #Longshot   

Ex dominatrix fucked by nasty pawn dude 

''Ladies And Gentlemen. We Bring To You The Girl With The Biggest Vagina In The World! 

I have done many a brave thing on strange frontiers but this leftover taco Bell for breakfast is foreign and concerning

'Until 1956, I was Juan Martin Guevara. From 1957, I was the brother of the revolutionary Ernesto Guevara' 

how do i sleep when all that's in my brain is CANT TAKE THE KID FROM THE FIGH TAKE THE FIGHT FROM THE KID SIT BACK RELAX SIT BACK RELAPSE AG

D50,000 to be dispensed in Pentagon Promotions’ Gunjur got talent Competition 

#FIRSTBOWL A hurtful malignant ulcer afflicted the people who had the #MarkOfTheBeast and were worshipping its image Rev 16:2 #Bible

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

Passing thought: what's wrong with these damn kids today!!?

YOU BET YOUR FUCKING ASS IMMA GO TO NXT TAKEOVER CHICAGO

REVEALED: Most Injury Prone Team in Premier League and it's Exactly Who You Suspect  

Brunette babe gets fucked in her ass while sucking dick 

Greatway Financial Inc– Consulting Financial Business Services Greatway Financial Inc– Consulting Financial Busine… 

Calling him president Bannon really did get to trump.....so now it's time to start #PresidentKuschner 

I don't even want to think about what you have to do to end up in that circle of hell. 

Champions! I just guided AFC Ombudsman to 1st place in The Prem  [Pro Edition]

"The Ram" I just like the design, even tho my Guardian doesn't wear the Helmet often 

MEET CARRIE-ANNE  Hailing from one of the greenest countries of the world - Ireland, we feel… 

Paper Round: #ManchesterUnited call Jose Mourinho in panic... #ManchesterUnited 

Thief gets locked in vault during attempted heist  #WYKO_NEWS 

"THE FORCE AWAKENS: A Bad Lip Reading" (Featuring Mark Hamill as Han Solo) 

It was an amazing week in Culver City! I found my people; thinking about a tattoo! 

Take a step back and assess the part you play as a collective network of man. Trapped in a chain of events that are forever related . . .

Reps Would Have to be Insane to Take Advice From a Political Hack Like Schumer Who Only Has ill Will For Reps… 

Those who know their God believe in the impossible and that GOD IS IN CONTROL. 

Just finished a Ride on Strava for 1 hour, 38 minutes, 17 seconds going 9221.0m.  

Why you should be fired up and ready to start creating profits with our Cannabis Profits Course. Class #2... 

#Entrepreneur, your #distinction will come from #pioneering new structures, systems and solutions. ~ Onyi Anyado.… 

Looking to make a difference? Make a difference with us! Home Health and Hospice positions available… 

Jesus fucking christ, people are self-centered.    

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Be accountable for your fucking actions. Nobodies punk ass bitches. Stupids

Frank Sinatra and Ava Gardner sign autographs at the premiere of ‘Pandora and the flying Dutchman’ (1951) Albert Le… 

VERY LARGE SIZE BRAND NEW US MILITARY ASSISTANCE COMMAND-VIETNAM COLORED JACKET  

Happy birthday to la todo terreno  never change bb love you!  #NuncaMeDejaSolaEnMisLoqueras #MaGirlAlwaysDown… 

Elsa and Hollie got fucked with bigcock 

You can't be an asshole if people around you are stupid. #TheMoreYouKnow #StupidQuestionAnsweredWithSarcasm

38. Clash of heads between Cuthbert and Cullen sees the pair both requiring treatment inside the area.

HEADS-UP SE ALABAMA: Safe havens will be open tomorrow. Pass the word to RVers and ppl who live in mobile homes! 

So whether you eat or drink or whatever you do, do it all for the glory of God. -1Corinthians 10:31 #GospelRuka

Cooking Unique! MUNCHIES To Publish Its First-Ever Cookbook  via  

True Love Means Sharing Your Netflix Password  #entrepreneur #Dubai #KSA #Startup

Miss a City Council meeting? No problem! Watch past meetings and more OnDemand on our website, 

When I was younger something used to talk to me in my head. I used to want to travel, city to city, just live see people, study them.

Oracle Day by Day - Analytics app that quickly answers your business questions, simply by doing a search or just le…

Heet indisch Desi aunty fucked video 

Have you ever loved someone so much you'd give an arm for not the expression no literally give and arm for

guy: hey can you babysit my kids tomorrow night? me: sure! him: ty! me: (almost types "no promble!")

IT MEANS YOU HAVE BALLS TO SPEAK THE TRUTH WITHOUT WORRING ABOUT POS WEAK SNOWFLAKES SUCH AS YOURSELFS FEELINGS...I… 

MadBum, walking legend, fucking Hammer of the Gods

South American non-stop struggle...it has no end :( #PrayforParaguay #PrayForVenezuela #PrayForPeru 

Gm I will not ever eat Bush Chicken again Serious acid reflex Ouch !! Woke me from my sleep Toss n turn a chicken Lol

From this Thursday the UK government is cutting support for third or more children in 'just about managing'... 

UK's Brexit timetable 'unrealistic,' says Germany's Foreign Minister  #RipEuropa

our fucking insurance won't pay for the damages because they consider this "an act of god"

Derek Hudson's best photograph: a Death Squad mercenary stops for lunch in El Salvador 

Get Here! |Togetic |(57.8%)|(7/15/4) Hidden Power/Aerial Ace til:(01:18:18pm)|(29m 25s) #AugustaRares 

Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.#MAYWARDFlyHigh

I was born in 95 and you were born in 99 dont act like I was born in the dinosaur era and you so young that your umbilical cord still attached

New LOOP cover on YouTube! Drake "Passionfruit"  #looper #loopcover 

shit just sitting here thinking about how many times ive travelled to melbourne to see us lose to the hawks. so many heartbreakers too.

Lone Cypress NEW White Blue Stripe Mens Size Medium M Polo Rugby Shirt $49 #520  

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Another hour! It's April 07, 2017 at 11:45AM Red Rover North Beach 5.1!  #rollingstone #rock

writing this essay makes me wanna punch someone in the fucking jaw

when u say ur joking about being upset that ur bae says traps are gay but on the inside u are genuinely hurt 

"We stopped looking for monsters under our bed when we realized they were inside us" -Charles Darwin

+Office Sex Tales: A Very Personal Assistant Pt 6 - tuck away Wale's cock and refasten his trousers 

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

Where the Top 100 prospects are starting the season 6 white sox players 3 in top 20 

#Ghinformed Talk of news , sports , entertainment , articles , Poems , Sarcasm .. it's all about 

Sources #Dodgers have traded OF Yasiel Puig to the #Rangers for OF Delino DeShields Jr. 

 are co-hosting the #wedding fayre on 28th and 29th April... 

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

About time Jordan went to sleep, she had the fucking raps bruh

D-Don't look at me like that senpai!  What is that smell? I'm always right there... Behind you senpai...

VALERIAN in theaters this July is based on the French sci Fi comic series Valérian et Laureline 

This guy knows his teen girlfriend has the best #pussy in the world and now itandapos;s  #bigbutt #blowjob #cumshots

when you're messaging your best friend who doesn't live in your country and u wanna meet them but u can't 

How can I help if she doesn't even try to explain what's "the help" she need and let me translate her needs from screenshot of WhatsApp convo?

Disappointing spell checker via /r/softwaregore  #softwaregore 

Filthy brunette slut gets booty spanked 

I CANNOT wait to get out of school and have a job waiting for me so I can fucking move away from here lol

Girl I like won't date me because because her frien... — well, that a tough one. I guess either tell her how... 

Breaking: Trump calls on "civilized nations" to join U.S. in “seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in... 

It was an absolute treat to present to the little kiddies about "Residential School!!" ....for S.D #75 Sooo cool 

How many followers do you get everyday? I got 2 in the last day. Growing daily with 

4/4/2017 Time: 09:48 Temp: 9.6 C Barometer: 1024.5 hPa Wind From: NW at 13.5 mph Rain today: 0.5mm

i cant wait to be done with these dang SNIPERS!! ugh... bring on the fun guns for the love of JEBUS! lol #the DMstruggles

Already In April But Ain't Gotta Worry Cause December's Right There. #UnderTheMistletoe 

Thanks a lot Malcolm for leaving the lights on for the duration of the movie. — feeling annoyed at Malco Fort... 

Talking with a friend about your long-term goals helps clarify... More for Gemini 

People in your immediate environment may be the cause of emoti... More for Capricorn 

Ledger gets $7M to take Internet of Things #blockchain security to the enterprise -  #IoT

Get a free consultation on your marketing, all we ask for is a chat afterwards, yeah? 

Felt a little creative tonight so here a couple of Banners for my bois! Getting back into designing and loving it!… 

I’ve been buzzing all week on #badoo - check me out!  

 NIB Avia Mens MNAV4500002 Athletic Running Sneaker Shoes Size 8.5 Cross Training 

Here's the challenge: how do we help people understand that ag RandD is food RandD? #globalag 

bitches be so mad y'all momas should've named y'all maddie  

Could do with a bit of luck in my life sick as fuck  

PS4 vs Xbox One vs Wii U Global Lifetime Sales � February 2017 Update  #videogames #feedly

Actual footage of me trying to get back to my room after doing hip hop cardio, yoga, and pound in a row 

Neat but not as obnoxious as I remember getting a rec for psycho pass and then avoiding it cause art style is so fucking ugly.

I wavered on resubscribing after Inauguration. But as we see- they'll never change. Done until Baquet is gone. 

Cute Sleepy Cartoon Elephant by Cheerful Madness!!  #cheerfulmadness #tshirts 

So lads who's going to win Liverpool or Everton drop your score prediction done below am saying 3-1 liverpool

#Bootstrap tag typeahead input not populating menu with jQuery ajax #Tech #News #HowTo 

#MovieComedy Puri Jagannadhs Rogue movie review Ishaan Thakur Anoop Singh Mannara Chopra… 

Crazy ass gurl keep blowin my line it juss pissed me off hell

I am so sick of getting fucked over by you all the damn time.

somebody said how I just say I watch anime to lure men lol what. do i have to look some type of way to watch anime? lmfaoooo

ADIDAS ORIGINALS #RealMadrid TRACK PANTS White.  #CR7 #HalaMadrid 

Obama’s travel expenses were $97m over eight years. Trump is already at $23m after 10 weeks 

Ladies and gentleman a warm hand for The Standard Lamps the damned good support for the mighty Who at the Hydro ton… 

VIDEO : Idiot Liberals Now Consider Milk “RACIST”  

I've just watched episode S05E21 of Modern Family! #ModernFamily  

Trump is literally the truth of sarcasm. He's being sarcastic the whole time only he isn't being sarcastic? Man he's strange

Ass Fucked Summer Blu Fingers Her Pussy 

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

#DSLR #Photography And the way sunlight plays upon her hair by Silver Films  

Police beat feb. 14 _ police beat _ observer-reporter Fire ruled accidental: A state police fire marshal ruled that a Feb. Francesca ...

Ivanka was eyeing Castro's Love Child from Canada. Jared needs to go home and take care of that business. #FIREKUSHNER

Las Vegas restaurant files lawsuit against local eatery Heart Attack Shack  

Carmen fucking in a BodyStocking 

Mahalo for coming by! These nice gentleman stopped in to watch a video on how we process our nuts here at the... 

 #milfhere more free video clips here ~>>>  more free video clips… 

#IKLeaderOfNation 8. Imran is a true role model for “moderate Muslims”. He does not shy from referring to Islamic principles and ideals

Holy sh!¥...he realizes that we have active aggression in the Middle East and Russia, right? Stay focused, Donnie.… 

STUDY? The act of texting, eating and watching TV with an open textbook nearby. KISSES ThanksMEGAstyle

The idea #pence #marriage is being crucified by the idiotic #liberals is unreal no wonder you have no #loyalty #singleForAReason #cowards

Got my coffee my tablet, and MAD AS HELL Lets rock! 

Every time a Hannah Montana song comes on a Spotify Daily Mix playlist, I have to remind myself that I spent money for a Miley/her concert

#PremierLeague Wenger: Elneny gives us fluency: Midfield has been an issue for Arsenal for a lot of this season, so… 

Eating with friends may hinder #weightloss, study says  

The fucking President of the United fucking States had to pay $25 fucking million for being a fucking scam artist. 

1 Corinthians 13:2 and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing.

When you're trying to get to Charlotte with six people for a baseball tournament.... four text groups at once!!  <EMOJI>️  

Ethna Viney on large necklace snails, woodpeckers, Muscovy ducks, and comma and peacock butterflies 

Weird. So many random accidental deaths of Putin dissidents and their associates lately. Bleh. I'm sure it's nothin… 

how fucking frustrating when your skin as been pretty good for a good while and then everything just goes wrong for no reason... fml

I often (just a minute ago) tweet useless shit that nobody care. Ain't nobody got time for that Jess smh

#soundcloud This all you need for music share and listen  

So this week I'm bringing back a series to my channel. I'm excited to see what people think. Long time viewers might be able to guess it.

Rabbi Aryeh Weinstein announces his online training course at Beginning Within 

Whether a dream lives to see tomorrow is entirely up yesterday's sacrifice and not today's enthusiasm

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

People that are agreeable and want the acceptance of the masses, Their story is never their own It belongs to social norms/conventions

  Me and my Bro had a fun time thinking about how James (aka Flint) would react everytime he saw his... 

Yo these 2 grown ass adults is sitting in the fucking living room makin hella noise to fucking WWE wrestlemania like ion have school in am

I've seen many things. You know that billboard off that one exit on the highway. I haven't seen it either, but I've seen many other things.

#cougar women sex videos stocking fucking 

Happy Sabbath from Triadelphia (Maryland) Seventh-day Adventist Church! Gina Wahlen preaching. Watch live:… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

I don't give a fuck about NONE of y'all UGLY bitches at Riverdale lmfao get mad hoe

Boy in what world does gaining weight mean you no longer wear spaghetti straps BYE 

1 Bitcoins BTC Bitcoin News Bitcoin Core - IRC Meeting Summary (March 30, 2017) - 

iM SORRY I JUS- FUCKING LEAK IT ALREADY 

PSA:   Need a mans with a fade and decent amount of hair on top to let me practice male braided styles on him<EMOJI>️ 

Look like he should've never ate the ball then fuck that snake !! 

Dramatic Large Selenite Crystal Blades specimen from Chihuahua, Mexico  

teengers fucking videos in hyderabad in 

#SouthYemen has clearly chosen independence. Anything less than that will not resolve the conflict in #Yemen #اليمن 

wow can't believe the final boss in persona 5 is the friendships we made along the way (joking unless i'm right)

im finna be reallll selfish with myself because dont nobody deserve having my time, my love, my loyalty, NONE OF THAT!

Hit 'em high, hella height, historical Hey holocaust hints hear 'em holler at your homeboy MAYWARD GratefullyBlessed

I kinda have a soft spot for him... he shouldn't have been friends with Bryce but he was trying to protect Jessica… 

 Babe in hardcore interracial fuck she swallows cum Mature gets DP fucked: The post Babe in…… 

I hate when niggas throw "    " under my pics... I don't speak emoji, are u getting me a ring? Are u gon wife me? Tell me what is it?   ‍

I won 17 achievements in Medal of Honor: Warfighter for 464 #TrueAchievement pts 

Man idk where Vic went for 3 years (got stuck in an ocad bubble and was being moulded into typical artist snob) but I'm glad I am back !!! Hi!

#startup A Failure is a Terrible Thing to Waste  #entrepreneur 

To all my classmates who voted for a no when prof asked us if we want to retake the exam i (and most of us) failed, KINGINA NIYO FOREVER!!!

#inspiration I must do something always solves more problems than Something must be done. -Unknown Author #quotes #followme

AandR USA Hockey Striker Waxed Skate Laces - Orange 72 Inches - NEW  

Like damn, you don't have to ask random ass people around school about MY life because they're a 99.9% chance that they do not know!

Thought I'd finished this piece ages ago. But no, had to get it out of the frame yet again! #studio #paper… 

Stop by and say hello to Jan Snoeck’s extraordinary 2 meters high golden statue.  

feedingjoy: Z_ara_ #MissionSaved - "Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it."

I cannot believe that fucking giraffe still hasn't had the baby.

Nice tribute towards the end for Bill Paxton. Totally forgot that he was the Clairvoyant in Season 1 :( #AgentsofSHIELD

Literally every time I sit down to write this paper I spew about 300 words and then stop thinking and leave it

Boulder company specializes in helping marijuana-related startups get off the ground 

Chale I have seen the future laa believe me next year will be your year laa lol 

#student #camilacabello handjob #celebrity #fucking outdoorsex #nsfw #tattoo blowjob #beachnecklace 

hey ReutersShowbiz, you may want to check  for latest updates on #Glastonbury   

Very interesting piece on a champion of human rights dealing with such issues in her own country, Myanmar #cpol120 

PRESS RELEASE » $32.4 Billion Growth Opportunities in the Global Biometric System Market, 2017-2022 – Research and Markets …

"RT ReutersTV: North Korea launches missile ahead of U.S.-China talks  via ReutersChina

People are so fucking rude...the comments are so ignorant.

MI 184/8 (20.0 Ovs) RPS 136/2 (14.3 Ovs) Rising Pune Supergiant need 49 runs in 33 balls keep rocking babes #supergiant v r d bestest  

 – 2024 Olympics: ‘Time is right’ for cricket bid – ICC chief Dave Richardson 

Do not be so foolish as to imagine that in our own time the old orthodoxies are gone. KISSES MinuteKweenWinIt

WEB EXCLUSIVE: The TRUTH About That Pepsi Ad - Here's What You Aren't Being Told 

this is a hoodie. hoodies have hoods without a zipper, jackets have a hood and a zipper 

15 people followed me and dozens of people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I'll try to sleep. Night. But I'm sure my dog will wake me up like that in few hours it's no kidding my dog really… 

18 new tweeps followed me in the last week. I find relevant people to follow with the #CopyFollowers feature of 

I hate when plugs respond late af like damn are you trying to make money or not?   ‍

[ Other - Careers and Employment ] Open Question : WHAT PLACES HIRE 14 YEAR OLDS IN NEW JERSEY AS A PART TIME JOB?: PLS ANSWER

Drunk Bitches Are So Annoying And Their Fuckin Sluts Too

So fresh and so clean. Warm greys and fresh whites make a clean modern living space. Call me and we can paint... 

You don't want to take anyone's word for anything today. You m... More for Aries 

#Putin Crushes Idiotic Fareed Zakaria’s views on #Trump and US elections 

I love cats and dogs; but that doesn't mean that I trust every one of them. 

Y'all can join the saga of me getting fucked up tonight and whether or not I wake up tomorrow

#armless legless girl gets fucked hardcore seduction of teens 

worst week evaa lost my eyelashes curler, ex hmu, got my period andand cant get hot cheetos   ‍

This godforsaken country turns the basic human right of mobility into a near-revolutionary act. More power to this… 

This year's WWE Hall of Fame starts with the Red Carpet Show in  and  #WWEHOF

LOT 5X Apple iPhone 6s Plus / 5S / SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 VERIZON UNLOCKED Smartphone  

Sheriff’s Office installs new Chatham County prescription pill drop-off locations  

Emma Roberts - Outside of the 'Late Show with Stephen Colbert' in Manhattan - 

Jarrett is also joined by the former Godwinns, now suited up and referred to as Southern Justice. #FullyLoaded98

Found a Transponder Snail! Who made the escape from Impel Down a success?  #TreCru 

Lafiagi have produced Speakers, Governor. The Asas and Moros have had past leaders absconded to Ilorin, like Oniyangis, and Idiaros. #Kwara50

this why I hate my baby car seat being in someone else car! Ugh pissing me off!!!!

#Best #Collectible Snape Dumbledore Ron Weasley Set of 3 Ornaments 3" #HarryPotter MISSINGHAND/WAND… 

A Discourse Upon the Origin and the Foundation Of - Jean-Jacques... #Philosophy  #philosophy

Hillary Scott and the Scott Family Honored With Two GRAMMY Awards  #grammy_awards… 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Been a lot of places. Seen a lot of shit. Constantly surrounded by stupid people but new york n florida whole another level of stupid.

PIERROT'S 2017 Release on apple -in this mind-  #music #musik #japan #INFORMATION

#Trump win proves new trend is in; #MassMedia and the pollster business are in trouble 

Had a blast performing with my family at this year's Istanbul International Dance Festival.… 

Watching a terrifying horror film. Sarandon has literal shit and bile spewing out of her mouth on Colbert. 

I know it sounds stupid because it's only a a couple days but i don't trust anyone to be alone with him yet.

◆ ｇｉｒｌｓ ◇

#Review CEOs: flattery may not be a good indicator of overall managerial support.  

Damn the coopers are falling apart. And the blossoms look like ginger psycho killers. Polly made the wrooooong choice #Riverdale

Fucking prostitute between cars 

[Downtown SE] Snorlax (28.9%) [Zen Headbutt , Earthquake](23m 1s) Until 07:14:00pm. 

Germany approves bill curbing online “hate” crime, fake news via Geller Report - Who decides ... 

Resilience is the Only Sustainable Edge in Business: If you haven't had a setback in busin.. #smallbusiness #smb 

We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: LPNLPN / LVN -  #Healthcare… 

#stoltzspotted celebrating 150 years of feeding Canadian families today at the Walkerton Agricultural Buildings for… 

Spotify can fuck off taking my movney I don't care if I sidgned up for premium that's my £5 fuck you

Just 3 days to go till TELL ME NO SECRETS is released. Pop Tuesday 11th April in your diaries..!! 3 days to go.… 

Grab Your Wallet founder needs to grab her brain! She will NEVER tell others like myself, where not to shop! Stop being Sheep, stand up!

I have so many events to attend with adenike this month and next month   ‍ why is my schedule packed

why do we never get scenes where we can see stiles and lydia's real fucking height difference i deserve that 

"are you oka - wait. I know you hate that - how fucked up are things now?"

Y'all. My little Kia is strong. I've curbed it so many times and haven't even left a dent. Lolololol

Senate intel hearing details Russian social media.. #Government #Social #TC  |… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

 ‍. Dude we told ya this last year! You keep tweeting like it's a surprise. #dumbdumb 

Bob hosts and facilitates the Ixia 2017 EMEA Partner Summit in Rome. #Strategy #Execution #MarketSegmentation… 

I think my parents are on board with me going to Mania next year so some of you better I too so I'm not alone

Plus utterly vile chocolate now too C of E attacks Cadbury and National Trust over Easter event 

From  Shooting - Paterson, NJ: PD reporting walk in shooting victim at the emergency room, unknown… #BreakingNews

#animated fucking girl nives ivankovic sex scene 

#EfeNation #TeamEfe The Voting Has Started, Pls Vote Efe 4 The Money, Less Find The Banana and Hope Biggie Won't Rigger It #BBNaija

YOU A STUPID ASS LMAOOOO      

A great start to our week........ First stop: Hotel Cafe Royal. This stunning central London hotel is set to be... 

mum has been ill for months prob due to a swelling (likely tumor) on her brain and I'm now under investigation for breast cancer. luv life

19.) I like to think I'm nice! I try really hard to come off that way 20.) 200% pro-choice 21.) yes

Yeah he done fucked up     

South China Sea: Duterte orders Philippines military to occupy islands  

Archaeology Society meeting to discuss 'Archaeological Fakes and Frauds' - Foothills Focus 

Noomf talks about how beyond Christian she and brags about it but boy the things all boys say about her  

EU will not guarantee the rights of our citizens.The governments responsibility has to be UK citizens.EU needs to a… 

Receiving these pictures made me so happy. Look how happy she is  my mamas is 3 months today   

"War is the continuation of the political process through other means" - Von Clausewitz What are our goals for this #Syrian strike?

I hate people who say I got this. In all honesty we don't have a damn thing.

I think Rice did some unmasking and knew about the leaking but did not personally leak the info which Obama delegated to someone else

Having a bf/gf won't solve all your life problems. It's nice when it's healthy and good but you gotta learn to love and live w/yourself alone.

Horny Brunette Granny Fucked In The Wilderness 

Your clear vision of success motivates you to reach higher to ... More for Capricorn 

Trump just took his 14 Vacation in 10 Weeks at his US Golf Courses ! The cost to the Tax Payers is $44 million dollars so far! Ridiculous !

#Parliament: It's Dy. Chairman P.J. Kurien's b'day. "I believe there will be perfect order in the House," he says 

Raila has today officially sold out 20 ODM certificates to the highest bidders. Wiper and other NASA partners set for big harvest

Why do men driving have to make such a big point to look in your eyes when you're walking down the street?

Digital Trends was nominated for a Webby Award – show us your support!  

Sovereignty of Gibraltar remains unchanged: Britain's Johnson -  

After much deliberation, I am declaring that I officially hate C++. Let Java reign Supreme! April Fool's.

You might be gleefully anticipating a day off, only to be conf... More for Aquarius 

#NayiSoch Wajood – Official Music Video | Ravi Chowdhury, Mohit and Kaavya |  

Infallible confirms Kurdish delegation the need for constructive dialogue between pol  via… 

Tentacle Fucked And Jizzed Nasty Cunt 

＠null #Venus is now (22h28m01s UT) setting at 00°32'18.6'' #Aries opposite #ascendant at Washington, USDC 

Of course it did. | Saudi assessment team clears Saudi coalition of intentionally bombing civilian sites in Yemen. 

I have this problem where I'll get mad at myself for being good at something and I be like "KENAPA KAU NI PANDAI SANGAT? CUBA BODOH SIKIT!"

MATT DRUDGE in Rare Interview: ‘Very Strange Feeling in the Air, Something Not Right in D.C.’ (AUDIO)… 

they shoulda just went along w what he said even if they kno thats what they won't be doing in the future. ..... but whatever

Somebody, Push me on a #dick, please ! I learn here  

When you talk dirty to him and he whispers back "married sex is the best sex" 

I didn't have such intense feelings about Roman until an April Fool's app Ryu-donkey-kicked me in the heart. T T

That gronk partying shit is not just branding dude really a guido like that was at the carnage pool party at the sls acting a fool

need to fuck sum bad , I got some pressure built up  

13 reasons why is fucking me up dude . It's crazy how people never take the time to think about the consequences of their actions.

OH my fucking god clay I literally had to take off my earbud what's happening with his it's getting BAD

Thank God Savinskaya pushed the due date to those 60 trig functions cause I haven't started them wow nice

My Twitter is worth $8,433.18!. Get your Twitter Value FREE at  #free #tools #freefollowers

*Except insolvency in this case means breaking accounting rules set by Congress, not economic capacity to pay benef… 

I have a huge fear of middle aged white men with ashy blonde hair because 1 tried to kill me last week.

US warns of more Syria attacks during UN Security Council meeting | #Tomahawkcruisemissile #Tomahawkcruisemissile 

I ain't giving no fellatio tosave nobody's life. Y'all nasty asses just wanna hear who give head that's all

#5YearswithEXO EXO trends #1 worldwide on Twitter for their 5th-anniversary!  by #allkpop vi… 

Short horror anthology, Stories Untold, preys on technological nostalgia and old-school scares. Our review:… 

Even fucking Hull could turn a one goal deficit around.

We're happy to announce that WHAT Swimming is a Silver Sponsor for USJ's Imagine...The Sky's The Limit Gala on 6/9! #USJCT

But if nothing bad happened then hell I'd even give up 20 years I still have to ask my dad what the hell was going on though

If you guys didn't do T-Mobile Tuesday's I would be going IN on you. Questioning where all our money is going to 

#girlfrend totally drunk girl fucked 

Me and mum working out - Me: Mum are you sucking in your abs? Mum: yes I am fucking sucking in my abs

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

Your'l can March all you like, Its still gonbe be April.... #AntiZumaMarches 

The Telegraph - Want to age like a Hollywood actress? Go to bed at 8pm, says Anna Friel 

3 key elements for #Intlstudents: quality of edu, cost, and career / life prospects. 

4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Basketball Tubingen - Bremerhaven - Come see us for the best sports streaming and free live tv 

"The Annual Prairie Schooner Strousse Award for the best group of poems was given to David Campos."-edited 

How this owl laughed in front of the cameral will make you crack up! #owllaughing,#funnyowl,#Atleti,#HalaMadrid 

I ain't in the Day Care or Babysittin' business, yungin. And while I'm at it... "Pull ya fucking pants up, nicKa!!!

Got me ALL the way fucked up 

Faced a blunt and i'm already high af and watching rush hour 2 this is a chill day off i'll take it lol

It's actually outrageous that wilder hasn't received a motm award this season. Like he gives a shit tho #topoftheleague

: If you or someone you know is having an anxiety attack, I found a gif to breathe along to that really helps me 

Please. It's only newsworthy when he pronounces something correctly. #saveyourcharacters 

Busty milf gets fucked in the tub 

is this ideology deeper routed than we think? or am i just procrastinating writing a paper? who knows.

N.S.W POLICE CORRUPTION has a hold on employee's off ORANGE LOCAL COURT main desk refusing magistrate appointments to public in need. U DOGS

Build a Spring Bucket List for good health #list,#building,#email,#marketing  

not sure if my weekend should begin right about now or i should invest a few more hours on something productive

But recalling that birthday from years ago. Super lit. Threw up like crazy, but it was a good one. Good people around me

See hou u can win this awesome 4pcs Exfoliating Bath Gift Set and get your skin ready for summer  #giveaway

If Drake dropped the exact same song Kendrick dropped today rap twitter would blast him. Let's discuss the contradi… 

Dissenting Lovers - Original late 19th-century pen and ink drawing  

Dinner= gluten-free brownie with peanut butter cream cheese buttercream icing served cold... with warm bacon... 

Don't do a fucking Bournemouth and throw it away again. #LFC

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Here's a great look inside #NASA's model plane lab - like if you want to join them!  #scalemodel #modelplane

My arm fucking Hurts, what Do i do in a Hospital waitingroom

how will the loc team deal with the merican yokai... wtf will usapyons talking quirk be if they dont keep dani... "daniel"

“ “ “ “ again April 03, 2017 at 11:03PM NateHanson3  April 03, 2017 at 11:14PM April 03, 2017 at 11:17PM Twee…

Your life is a study of extremes today. On one hand, you're in... More for Virgo 

Idea 4) This is for someone that doesn't like the games and gimmicks of promposals. But you still wanna be punny. This one involves juice

So is it time for a little Cosmere discussion? Join us at The Two Rivers Con for all things Hoid related. Tai'shar… 

Brought to you by  Crime Scene - Funny how the democrats and the press like to ignore th... 

I don't begrudge Pence his religious beliefs, as long as they don't impede anyone else's life (but of course, in his governing, they do).

ATandT apparently talked my dad into an unlimited data plan for our family, but now I don't have personal hotspot...

you a titty boi but ima bad bitch   so he went and bought the kid 2 chainz

(1) Look, it's pretty clear many in #Trump campaign (if not Rump himself) had ties #Russia #RussiaInvestigation … 

that grandpa is so fucking annoying who the fuck do you think you are

Mainly yeah/kinda no? I did just get a bachelors in illustration but I've drawn since I was a kid and the bulk of m… 

Studying the brains of musicians may teach us how people learn.  

Girlfriend Fucked Wearing Heels 

There's a fucking clown filter on Snapchat, I want to die.

Free radio is better then 'Fake News' on CNN and MSNBC. LIARS never win and winners never lie. Boycott CNN and MSNBC!… 

Trump,Pence our commie Jews at 30 billion dollars that would make Trump and his billionaire administration more $ P… 

⛧ - my adorable child who I must protect - so hardworking - gl on your exams!!!! - I love how good you want the subs to be - our cutie!

Wilma Rudolph Task Cards and Worksheet by Rosa Mauer | Teachers Pay Teachers 

Promoting "family values". He would pick up rent with his girlfriend in the car. Never missed opportunity to say I could pay rent sexually./

I won’t apologize for my sarcasm when it hits you, consider it a gift wrapped in strings for the lack of humor in you #sarcasm

Nah Eastenders is fucked how can they do silvy like that   

This entire semester I've thought everyone was coming to this class late... Turns out I've been 30 minutes early EVERY DAY!

Trending: Mourinho questions Shaw's commitment, Neymar hits goal 100  

Number Of Deaths In Colombia Mudslides Rises To 200: Red Cross  

Sanders' opinion on the Democratic Party is as relevant as my opinion on Reform Judaism: not very. It would help if… 

going against an unpopular president, governor of california, both divorced. he's got the charisma, and scandals don't mean much anymore.

Antique Print-ORDER-CROSS OF HONOUR-HOHENZOLLERN-DECORATION-PLATE 44-Burke-1858  

GROW UP! Take responsibility and for once, stop being so god damn selfish!

Internet so fast I downloaded a whole series of anime including the movie and OVA within 25 mins. Angery no more.

These Photos of Barack Obama and Joe Biden as Little Kids Are Too Cute for Words 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

The storms heading toward the Tennessee Valley could spawn hail, high winds, tornadoes, and snow in the mountains: 

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

The Fiji Police Force is calling for intervention in cases where children are victims of violent crimes such as... 

PolticsNewz: Syrian military says US attack was 'irresponsible and reckless'  

I WANT GENJI TO DEFLECT MY ATTEMPTS TO TALK TO ME AND LEAVE ME TO FUCKING DIE

random lady asked me to fix her parking and my innocent ass agreed and as I got in the car I realized I just broke every rule of strangerdanger

Anyways, I think I'm gonna go write a bit before i force myself to fall asleep early 

Ghost In The Shell film might be the most disappointing live-action reboot ever: This… 

Rep Lieu might have launched this remark to distract his constituents from suspected possible collusion with the v… 

#WhytePanther #CountryMusic Forever And Ever Amen(#UnderTheCovers)  

People mad that trump made a call, meanwhile hundreds of children and innocent people are being brutally killed..

The WH is investigating whether Mike Flynn was an Obama plant leaking fake news about the president. -- Sean Spicer 

March 31, 2017 at 06:15PM Get paid for searching the web  give me credit by cashing out thank you

WHAT? Surprise iPhone game video?! Yup, coming up in a bit. #supportsmallyoutubers #SupportSmallStreamers #streamerhype #stickman

Stop putting two periods after a word. Either put one or don't put one you fucking dumbass

Want to showcase your #weddingcake skills in our competition on October 13? All the details are right here:… 

Bring a Friend!! See you tomorrow as we continue our series on "Living in Grace". 

Khaled and Asahd's latest Snapchat    man, that's love. That's the kind of love I hope to find in a partner and offspring   

 blessed — ANON YOU'RE FUCKED UP 

Watch: Girls’ Generation’s Taeyeon Drops Picturesque MV For “Make Me Love You”  

Bahria Town will not take over Karachi park until all stakeholders approve: Malik Riaz  

Boss fucked up film this   

And to think Flynn was leading the lock her up chants at the Republican Convention... 

I'll never understand how guys cheat on gorgeous women that they shouldn't have gotten a chance with to begin with, with trolls.

'Shots fired' investigation underway in Lee County neighborhood: Today…  #Today_In_PortCharlotte CharlotteCountyCares

dozens of people followed me and 9 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Not really. Unless you are playing both sides. Like following orders from PKK while being a member of parliament. 

Yes, this is going in the massive mashup mixtape I am making:  

Join us tonight from 5-8 pm as we commemorate the 49th anniversary of Dr. King's assassination . RSVP here:… 

TypingCure, do heroics u retard   :D 

been up every hour on the hour, I'M fucking tiedddd  

I wouldn't wish kidney stones on my worst enemy, this fucking sucks.

that's why im always spittin and winnin in contests, with concepts non written its getting too complex, im always... 

Hahahaha    my nigga Efe don kpef !! E don high scatter, I just hope sey no too much negative drama go dey tonight ooo! Lol #bbnaija

Schiff:WH Blocking Intel Panel From Seeing Russian Data- Newsmax Trump Gowdy Conaway Roonie decieve TrumpRussia ties 

The guy needs to sperg like Shoah LaPoof for /pol/ to hunt him down, tho I'm sure there's a couple of /pol/acks wor… 

Men's rights documentary screening cut after online backlash  

PLOT TWIST WE GOT HOME AND THERE WAS A FUCKING KNIFE IN THE GRASS IN FRONT OF OUR APARTMEN

I'm basically going on a tourist trip ahahahah this is golden Thank you based academia You're shit but sometimes you're not so shit

OMFG I SWEAR TO FUCJING GOF SAMMI NEEDS TO DIE YOUR LEGIT WORDS FOR IAN GETTING TAKEN AWAY IS IT HURTS YOU CUNT #shameless

#RedDevils #MUFCFamily #UnitedArmy #MUFC Jose Mourinho explains if he plans on resting players for the Europa .. 

Fuck yes!!! This changed everything! Katie Lou taking one for the team.

If I had one weakness it would be follow thru. So when I see other people continue something they start.. Im Surprised.

In #Syria just as we judge consequences of intervention we must be willing to judge consequences of non-intervention 

Even thinking, if Hillary was President makes me cringe inside. The media would be loving themselves and our economy falling more behind....

Most interesting of all is Trump admitting #SyriaGasAttack is on his watch and made him uneasy - forces him 2 act 

Nothing is holding back your imagination now, freeing you to e... More for Aquarius 

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

Women, ever considered working for Reserve Bank of Australia? Research their organisation and jobs via… 

This is actually pretty re-assuring to hear for someone like me, who's working on their first book and feels like t… 

Tennessee Considers Bill to Declare God as Source of Liberty | Tennessee News | US News 

People date some ugly ass boring ass folx just because they're skinny

Great weekend of sport. LFC - win, National - partial win, Masters and Grand Prix. If Carlsberg yadda yadda yadda...

What is the solution to the #fake #news epidemic? Stop being a retard and use your brain 

3 shooting incidents in 6 months at Broad Street and Plymouth Avenue. I don't know if I want to take MUNI at that s… 

Attacking #Syria is a win/win for both war parties. They get what they want AND they can accuse Trump of being reckless to get rid of him.

Canadians tonight are sleeping, crying into their Tim Horton's pillows, upset that the McDavid-Crosby olympics dream is dead

Ariana didn't know what to do so she grabbed the microphone and it fell and she just 

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

UNILORIN Prof’s Ex-driver, Two Others To Die By Hanging  

I have HIV, had sex with several men – Male prostitute confesses to TB Joshua [VIDEO] - Daily Post NewsPaper - 

Well, here it is! SEASON 4 PEOPLE!!! Tryout info for next year!! Come join the Revolution… 

saying "i bet he likes you" after a boy teases a little girl is teaching her to expect that in a relationship and that is not ok with me

Oceana: Larvitar  88.9% (11/15/14 - Rock Smash/Ancient Power - s:normal) til 16:37:35(28m 1s). 

And yet he supports a man who is utterly w/out scruples or morals. these people are deplorable. 

Orlando Museum of Art's 1st Thursday party invites you to share your bucket list  #orlando 

Whelp gotta simplify the control scheme because my original media is gone forever that or I spend a year remaking my first album.

I keep thinking Honkers is gonna kick me in the fucking nuts with this card 

I would be truly fucked without them, they've been my friends boyfriend maw sister and councillor in one

Staff Picks: Sorceresses, Sidewalks, Suturing - By The Paris Review March 31, 2017 This Week’s Reading From Tai... 

YOU ARE FROM FUCKING COLORADO WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU 

#SABA_Educational_Services.Changing the World by Free Education. With Free Education a few years we can change our… 

FRENCH 1970s SAFETY CAMPAIGN INDUSTRIAL POSTER SIGNED BY CHADEBEC  

Bone stock 16k mime 93 reef blue. Stay tuned for what's coming!!! #teambeefcakeracing… 

Throughout history, purebreds were thought to be the ideal canine type, but more and more dog owners are taking a... 

Violent clashes break out at Le Pen rally in Corsican city of Ajaccio  #Internacionall 

Sophisticated porcelain bride and groom heart cake topper  |  

A vegetable broth and coconut milk based bowl of YUM:  #AntiCancer #Nutrition

Calvin Klein NEW Black White Women's Size 6 Sheath Embellished Dress $139 #228  

Bye Bye #Europe - #religious wars will rip you apart unless you change your leaders 

ISIS: Trump is 'foolish idiot' 

Away from the comical aspect of Charlie Adam's slip, I can't help feeling the linesman is being a dick by flagging… 

The Messier Catalogue online observing event starts now! Don't miss out:  #GAM2017

A to Z instructions that makes #BuildingProjects super fast, super easy and super fun  #WoodworkProjects

One of the tolls of war is that soldiers suffer permanent mental trauma even if never faced with combat.

Omg talk about a blast from the past! I drove one of these to Prom... well, a gray one not red. But Wow!!! … 

Why are people so fucking cringyyyyyyy 

#MuayThai #Combat Short $850 mxn / $50 usd #ReadyForWar #AllAttitude Disponible… 

My fitbit #Fitstats_en_US for 4/05/2017: 1,851 steps and 0.7 miles traveled. 

No.1 Web Hosting Free domain+Unlimited GB space and Bandwidth and Email .Money Back Guarantee  19:11

Crunch Report | Yahoo and AOL combine to become Oath  #TC #AOL #Apple #computer 

("I Need A Guy Who Can Lick Me And My Anus Before Sex" – This Lady Says [Photo] 

AppleandMS still investing in MacBookPro and Surface, knowing there is no Desktop Less future. shopping,banking,Gaming 

If you are fucking married leave me the hell alone I don't want to start relationships with a married man so yeah love your life man

Do you get the acatholicherald #newspaper? Here's why you should:  … … #Catholic  … Do you ge…

Tim Byrne of the Daily Mirror: "Snow is the key to the good life in midwinter Lapland – it’s there to be enjoyed." 

ROE 21.1% means #DuluthHoldings $DLTH did worse than its industry when creating value for shareholders… 

Lots of rappers appearing back to the surface. Lol those who have not been updating their SoundCloud for years and then BAM!    SMTM6

my stage makeup starts out looking nice, but by the end of the night I always end up looking like I'm a clown on drugs. never fails  

Almost 800,000 U.S. drone owners have registered to fly in 15 months  

BITCH HTGAWM SEASON THREE IS ON NETFLIX IM FUCKING- 

#KarachiStandsWithMalikRiaz Let's start cleaning by not throwing wrappers and empty bottles away but dispose of properly.

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

One dog. One dollar. Two dogs. Two dollars. Three dogs. Three dollars. Anyone guess that tonight is dollar dog nigh… 

12 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Cancer .....this crappy disease has killed too many people that I loved....unlike others this will be a small... 

Since Halloween was a bust, this weekend is gonna be my first time actually partying in Kent with my bff. I can't wait

 Can I ask you to consider transfer buying/spending with me? Transfer buying is simply changing where you... 

Q: You're headed to #Kroger. What's on your shopping list? A: Gaslamp Popcorn, #vanilla candy melts and lemon.… 

Eliminate Your Debt Like a Pro - Steve Rhode | Personal Finance...  #personalfinance

"It's fucking morning, again. Someone give me a gun, I'd like to blow my brains out before I have to endure another meeting."

People are mad at Brian Williams for calling the air strike "beautiful," but to be fair, he was there in a helicopter as it happened.

Big Companies Shake Fingers at Employees for Raiding 401(k)s #NakedCapitalism 

Tile Transformations: Easy Ways to Update Your Kitchen Backsplash  #fashion #voguemagazine 

Found a Transponder Snail! Famed Pirate Hunter captured! Exclusive shots!!  #TreCru 

Marc Chagall Hand Signed Planche en Couleur circa 1975 from Geneve | w COA  

Detroit: Convert to Islam plotted jihad massacre in US for the Islamic State, had AK-47s and other weapons 

∞≥ Concrete Terrarium by U RoK Design #terrarium #interiordesign #UK  

David Cameron to unveil new limits on extremists' activities  #freespeech #censorship #freedom #extremism

#broadcast This all you need for music share and listen  

Dirty job interview with dildos 

US Masters 2017 Dustin Johnson 25/1 to win TandC's Paddy Power  

The falls make for a great running trail. Fun fact, this hydro dam has been running for almost a… 

Edgar really is one of biggest influencers. I have a giant book of all his writings that I was given to as a birthday gift from my ex.

Only Wayne County could try and discredit a University of Michigan study and reject a $1 billion commercial redevel… 

#eBaySNKRDeals Jordan 13 Hornets Low Size 13 w/OG Box - Need Offers - Must Sell 

what niggas don't realize is i do what I WANT ..   so whatever you saying is irrelevant to me. you ain't feeding, fucking nor financing me  

On 10th Auditions 11th Registration 14th April Regional Final Premium Life Lager beer would b live at Owerri for #HiLifeMusicFest BE READY .

Ted Cruz Fires Back At Democrats Over Neil Gorsuch Supreme Court Vote.. Related Articles: 

JACK WILLS FABULOUSLY BRITISH - OXENFORD STRAPLESS CORSET MINI DRESS - SZ 6  

From a delerious John McCain to a awesome Jimmy Carter: Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open. - The Young Taraxippus

This Woman Took Photos Of Her Her Husbandless Honeymoon, And We Cant Stop Laughing! 

Lee Dong Gun Joins Park Min Young And Yeon Woo Jin For New KBS Historical Drama 

I can't believe they interrupted #Scandal for donald fucking trump smh

Click here to watch the movie:  Pussy lick and blowjob during interracial milf fucking with… 

Who else is waiting for warmer Spring days like...? #greenhillcolumbus #csu #columbusstate 

Thon Maker is proof the 1 year of college rule is dumb. For some people it doesnt make sense and they can develop so much more in the NBA

Are you confused to find best #solarpowersystem installer to power your home?  

This phantom penalty kick business at Newcastle is delicious. I hope the mystery is never resolved and it passes into Fortean legend.

Big changes at Arsenal? Nine players could be set to leave in the summer. Gossip:  

Mario Kart Super Circuit (Nintendo Game Boy Advance, 2001)  

Prom on April fools? Hope nobody gets fucked over.   ‍

If your bestfriend has facebook, set this on your status. If he/she doesn't comment within an hour he/she owes... 

This stellar custom home is turnkey and ready for you! It's magnificent!  

So many comments that Trump did what Obama wouldn’t do. Except Trump bombed Syria for violating the chemical-weapons ban Obama negotiated.

UpVoat: New Planned Parenthood clinic uses Starbucks vibe so visitors can ‘experience it communally’ 

Trump created a makeshift Situation Room at Mar-a-Lago for a briefing on the Syria bombing 

NWT MICHAEL KORS SAFFIANO LEATHER SUSANNAH LARGE TOTE BAG IN BLACK  

I haven't Moana yet, but I've had the song in my head all day after watching this.   

Ed Milliband was right in 2013. Trump was wrong in 2017. Labour needs a foreign policy beyond the ideas of Dick Cheney #SyriaStrikes #syria

Can't wait to watch sahir lohdi's new film. One of the most underrated actors this industry has ever produced     

Evening Times: Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha: If I go into a war I will go until the end, either if I die or if I... 

Halsey has me fucked up #FindMeInTheKingdom 

Torrance council called ‘spineless’ for tepid stand on oil refinery safety  

Mastrodonato: Peak analytics outline for 2016 Red Sox...  #redsoxopeningday #redsox

Man Records Girl While Banging Her As She Talks To Her Boyfriend On Her Phone 

[DOPE NEWZ] [Dope Report]#MC_Bravado – “Go Westbrook”: Produced by Von…  [ THEdopeACADEMY

mom (raising her voice slightly so she can speak to my dad down at the other end of the grocery store aisle): do yo… 

Trump can fucking choke. What a disgusting excuse of a man

New story on NPR: Investigations Continue Into Deadly Metro Explosion In St. Petersburg 

Sound, Lighting, Staging and Visuals to the event and hospitality Industry.  

You could see the break coming from a mile away. #Federer went into super-aggressive mode at just the right time. #MiamiOpen

Have to write a speech and make a PowerPoint for it so why not procrastinate? 

Damn it crazy how yo close friend will snitch on u in heart beat

Crossdresser fucked by butt plug 

getting fucked nakedandhornyhole 

I HATE WHEN NIGGAS PULL OUT GUNS AND DONT BUSS SHIT!!! #STOPPUMPFAKING2k17

Monday morning ... But it's the fucking two-week holiday   let the grinding begin 

You long to be the center of attention, but you can take your ... More for Leo 

Home decor ideas that are stylish and functional in a small space.  

Arrest and put me in jail: Karnan to SC Karnan, appearing for himself in a packed courtroom, shouted at the Bench… 

See you at 3PM EST tomorrow!  — Vevo (Vevo) April 7, 2017#HonestTrackz — Honest Trackz (HonestTrackz) April 7, 2017

Just don't fucking touch me!!! #NewDP 

mf got mad cause I said they not my nigga   ‍ idc.

"why would do that" because it's your fucking birthday and your mom loves you bitch 

Business: Judge puts on hold Seattle law allowing a ride-hailing union - KOMO News 

Bignot in, Bignot out, do the fickle #GTFC fickle fan okey cokey and win today, that's what it's all about!

Schools, Colleges Close, Highway Blocked After Rare April Snowfall In Jammu And Kashmir 

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

Your to-do list is extensive today as you optimistically attem... More for Scorpio 

London News Search (Workers demolish site of nuclear mishap in Washington state) 1 London - 

If you don't know much about aquaponics then check this out. A very cool self sustainable gardening 

"Hyperloop One completes Vegas test track tube, reveals 11 proposed U.S. routes" #tech #feedly 

W83A Pretty woman cat DIY Cell Phone Iphone4 4/5/6S Crystal Case-Deco Den Kit  

Bespoke #bridal jewellery made by me for your #wedding day #bridetobe #ukbride  

I feel bad now and I don't know what to fucking do

Me fucking my buddy's wife as he watches 

I haven't had coffee in three days   the struggle. Coffee withdraws can make a chick's attitude come back out real quick. LAWD

  YASSS It's time for a great show   Isabellabush :#bossup #getlit  

//oh my god mom please just come pick me up already I'm about to squat on the parking lot like a fucking chicken I swear to god

Made a timetable to see how I'm going to get all this work done in the next 3 weeks. Can't work out if it's more manageable or terrifying

Bowlers who conceded more runs bowled more overs. Economical / Spinners bowled less overs. Wahab overrated.… 

Wind 0.0 km/h ---. Barometer 1025.8 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 9.1 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 95%

This so-called Secretary of State is a disgrace to everything America stands for. Let's vote his lot out of DC.… 

The Norwegian exchange student at my school brought me like 6 pounds of Norwegian chocolate today 

Black people in SA do not want to unite with Whites to remove corruption. We'd rather endure rot and suffer! So sad! 

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

Disabled Vehicle: NB on I-95 at MM154 in Prince William Co. Right shoulder closed. Potential Delays.5:14PM

So tired of people who continue to put themselves in shitty situations with shitty people expecting change..like no it will never change!!!

Ishqbaaz : Anika mistakes Shivaay for Maahi and threatens to kill him  #TV_Show 

Congrats Terry on your well earned retirement! #wearetrojans #trojansgala2017 #sait 

PRESS RELEASE » ADP Clients Give Company Kudos: G2 Crowd Applauds ADP Workforce Now, ADP Vantage HCM, and RUN Powered by ADP …

These Guys Noticed Something Very Important Was Missing When They Opened Their Blinds For the First Time 

We are looking for a buyer on 773 Commercial ST #Rockport #ME #realestate  

ICYMI, watch in amazement at the #Bugatti Chiron accelerating >>  

Wind Advisory issued April 05 at 2:44PM EDT until April 06 at 8:00PM EDT by NWS. 

Podesta Still Hasn't Explained Where 41,000 Stock Shares Went  #RUSSIA #Trump #TrumpTrain

"The man who has no imagination has no wings." Thank you for my wings. HBDMHM 

so my notebook that I take all my notes on got kinda fucked by the rain and trying to keep writing notes in it is kinda :<

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

High winds could knock down power lines. Stay away from any downed lines and always assume they are energized.… 

So Im finally getting to be a player in dnd again soon what alignment should I go with? Im thinking Chaotic Neutral… 

'This Tweet Didn’t Age Well.' 17 Tweets That Came Back to Haunt President Trump - TIME 

Only matches I care about for this #Wrestlemania is #sethrollins and #AJStyles.. It's going to be a long night..

You are a force to be reckoned with wherever you go now, and ... More for Aries 

0714 (28) MRR2 CRAWL! Ulu Klang to Taman Hillview, 9km/h, Delay 8mins, Drive Safely! #trafficbuzz #kltu

And no not with my car, my fucking head and now theres a bump    

Geoc. Long. of the #Mercury as of Thursday, 06.04.2017, 22h05m00.99s UT is 4°19'37'' #Taurus #astrology #astronomy

He asked "who was that?" I told him to mind his fucking business and drive  

I'm so mentally fucked up, that nothing surprises me anymore. Everyone could leave me and I wouldn't be shocked

You covet quality time spent with your circle of friends today... More for Cancer 

Sweet actor is playing bagpipe eating sausage roll. Gary! I want some Emmental français est-central.

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

Andrew Is A Bad Boy And Needs His Ass Spanked 

defeat from 1v1 with Paparazi is proof that Miracle is not god He's a good thinker but not enough experience #stopdickridingmiracle

Whatever happened to just standing there and pogo-ing? This moshpit bollocks is tiresome... juvenile twats #punkoff #pogoforever #OiOiOi

I have been on Twitter for 3 years, 5 months, 8 days (since 25 Oct 2013). And you? 

The van rides back from airport would teleport us back 50 years to PB! What a crew! What a journey!   

The next country is #Bahrain. A small country surrounded by Persian Gulf. Which sports do people enjoy there? Let's… 

Iraqi Christians felt abandoned by God, nun who helped them flee ISIS says – Harrowing escape from ISIS recount... 

Hello Kitty Baby Girl Sz 6-9 Months Black Pink Tutu Dress W Leggings  

Extremely blessed and honored to say I have received my 2nd offer from Army West Point!! 

New Warehouse and Logistics Operative job, in Wakefield - App  #nationwideplacements #jobs

Open opener for the fellllaaasss, and this guys got the day off     #RedSox #BostonRedSox #WinDanceRepeat

Manchester United target Mertens is finally proving he can be key to Napoli's future 

Lmao everyone gonna choose anime it's not a vote it's "anime vs reality" something funny idk why y'all quoting and getting mad or whatever  

One of my friends has Sun conjunct Neptune. Shes always attracting men who need saving. And her compassionate ass tries to save em like girl

I'm deadass so tired watching videos and trying so hard to understand what they're saying when the only word I know is annyeonghaseyo and pabo

Rectangular Label on Silver Foil w/Blue Lines 2.5x1.5  

God, how I want to feel the #cock inside yourself ! Go to the link-  

#nasty anal girls getting fucked sex in baseball 

Please Read My Published Author Article by The Crazy Mind re My Music and Book  #angels #soul #spiritual #music

#porn roof fucked by donkey 

My coworker told me he was a pansexual and explained to me what that meant...I feel him. That's dope

DKNY 4410 Womens Black Feathers Drop Waist Party Cocktail Dress 8 BHFO  

I used to like Lucas but now he's just another Nunu     like for real Lucas is moving like Nunu this episode… 

Purple Hy feat. BIGBABYGUCCI (prod. Grimm Doza X TayMasterChef) REALLY NEED A COME UP 

fucking women with hairy cunts 

Cause them niggas was stupid in school   

The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. MAYWARD ForUnisilverTime

slut getting fucked on a chair 

I always pay attention to how ppl treat their family and close friends, You'l treat me the same way   

Micro SD TF Storage Board Memory Card Shield Module SPI For Arduino Portable NEW  

tinashe singed on wrestle mania fucking hell 

Meat N Chill – Best Meat Platter, Raclette Cheese Bourbon Fries on Fire and Loads of MEAT  

^Lesbian Chronicle: Late at the Office part 1 - she ran her hands over Mariam's breasts 

guys this is the coolest fucking thing and kelli's handwriting is all of my goals 

#Edinburgh |  |Elizabeth Olsen keeps warm in a padded coat while clutching a hot water bottle as she films ... | ..…

Worrying = Waste Of Time. Good and bad things will happen in life. You just have to keep living and not stress over what you can't control

Demi's mother stole money from her boss. When he finds out, she gives him her 18 yr old daughter.… 

  YASSS It's time for a great show Alicia_Diamonds:#FeatureMe #Music  

Houston considers ordinance to criminalize sleeping in tents, boxes:  #HouNews

Susan Rice delivered a transparent cover up before. #Benghazi RIP Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Glen Doherty and Tyro… 

When you've been up all night because Linda Blair from The Exorcist decided to enter your body… 

hoy tara open tamb coz i will not say no to free food but then again there's no such thing as free lunch pero tangina gutom na ako tara

I told her! We were talking about moving and I was like "I've been so stressed about moving but NOW THAT I HAVE A JOB..." and she just s

Already looking forward to Spring Day. The only day when you can spray a kasi girl with water without them reacting like it's sulfuric acid 

Ask for pieces of my body until all of it is yours, but I'm not gonna ask you for nothing, just luv me

I work my ass off all fucking day to come home and get treated like this ??? nah

#GoodNews: Chicago court rules #LGBT people are protection from discrimination under the Civil Rights Act! #LoveWins 

"The reason that I want to be alone tired of all the things that went wrong that would've went right if I would have did it on my own" - Nas

I hope the police catch all the people who beat up the asylum seekers in Croydon and throw away the key forever  

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

The weekend is calling! Come on into ZD and taste our new release 2015 Reserve Chardonnay, Carneros. Rich and... 

Helped ny girlfriend decorate her laptop completely out of tetris block stickers, not s bad job id say 

Gotta love day one college homework. Write 3 interesting facts about yourself? I thought finals were supposed to be hard this is impossible.

I got this one in yellow.. that shit fyeeeee. (I didn't get it from forever tho) 

corgis are a furphobic furry — good for you anon personally i dont follow you and your obviously real and not made up synesthesia :'(

The ones that hurt me, don't care. They hurt me everyday and doesn't phase them. Iditarod #AnimalCruelty #OpIditarod 

Phillips didn't knowingly discriminate. He can't help the fact that his district is overwhelmingly lilly white. 

A global alliance of tech industry and academic organizations team up to fight fake news 

The Rock and Vin Diesel reportedly being kept apart during ‘Fate and the Furious’ press tour  

I can't fucking stand him at all the fact that him not being able to do anything turns into me being selfish and disrespectful

I fuckin hate my dad he and my mom have been divorced for 17 years and separated for 19 and he still fucking makes my mom cry

This is a great approach, particularly in the work place. I wished someone would do that for me today! 

He's stuck in the 19th century in more ways than one. First, his moral system is archaic; second, he doesn't... 

Definitely one for the books! Victory wouldn't feel the same without these people. Lezgaw SITE DT! #ITatFusion    

JUST STOP LOOKING FOR LOVE, GIRL YOU KNOW YOU STILL GOT TIME GIRL YOU KNOW YOU STILL GOT TIME!!! THIS COULD BE SOMETHING IF YOU LET IT BE

3 Simple Habits That Will Stop You From Procrastinating  

Unique home and working horse farm is an incredible income opportunity for the right buyer!! A perfect spot for a... 

‘I owe her’ Sturgeon grins with Clinton as SNP leader heaps praise on Hillary and Merkel 

Nothing says spring quite like a new pair of Versaces! Check out our wide selection of designer ophthalmic and sungl 

Bees and pollinators are in trouble and need our help. Join the conversation and help #bringbackthebees! 

Want to test our friendship? Let’s play #BoardKings   

"A March 27 report aired in Saksi, which carried the latest police data, stressed that this was the first time... 

It's not easy to understand your feelings today and you may ch... More for Libra 

this is my second time watching Michael die and i laughed for the second time. i'm a terrible person. who the fuck laugh when someone dies?

STOP TWEETING DISGUSTINGLY INNAPPROPRIATE THINGS ABOUT YOONGI YOU FUCKING SICK ASS CHIMPANZEE

Artist Presentation Society is a Saint Louis arts community mainstay. APS president Karen Luebbert and board... 

anal dildo close up fucking insertion 

Yay! I just got followed by 16 tweeps and thanks to  I know exactly who they are #iOSapp

I see all these bitches going to bdubs and I want to go so bad

80 fucking yard ramp? Jesus Fucking Christ! #Wrestlemania

Ebony chick dreaming about getting fucked 

4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

♫ Ai Weiwei's done it, Peter Greste's done it, Even Nelson Mandela's statue's done it, Let's do it, let's post a… 

Trending Worldwide Answer These 7 Questions And We’ll Tell You If You’re Zack Or Cody  is the Suite Life. We've

Redhead milf fucked and jizzed in bed 

Lingard isn't Ronaldo,he's had awful games and pissed me off but moaning here like we just gave Djemba Djemba a 5 year deal? Come on.

Baron Corbin's new gimmick should be a straight rip off of Brendan Fraiser's character from Airheads

The USA stole that money from Iran in the #1970s ; the actual bill was much higher. USA cannot get away with illega… 

"Thank you all for a lovely weeks holiday, the whole family had a brilliant time once again" Helen and Andy

Found a Transponder Snail! Ace and Luffy form an unbreakable wall in battle!  

The best mornings are spent at the beach! #SeizeTheDay  

Posting Pro and Streamer deck lists from the second day of #UnGoro right here:  #Hearthstone 

#cameron and chase sex scene twin girls get fucked 

Im Happy despite some setbacks im happy...thankful for what i do have and whats koming to me. Negative feelings/vibes just aint kool

Top story: Watch the exact moment SpaceX made history by landing a reused rocket  see more 

joey really didnt realize it was fucking mai under the butterfly mask??? even after she played harpy cards???? joey u stupid fuck i love u

the ACTORS and the real writers brought the show to life, not a one time producer. enough. 

Let the Lord take me from my fucking mama , I'mma kill myself Break in heaven then it's goin' be drama

speaking of choice...these idiots should be opening their homes to syrian refugees, iraqui refugees, all the kids... 

WOW i bought a strawberry creme truffle and its bright pink and is half strawberry puree half cream and im living

Get me a fucking puppy please   

Dodgers' Opener Showed How Deep Lineup Could Be #Dodgers #LAD #MLB  

2 of the 3 CNC machines in the BG of Apple’s PR photos today were crazy high-end things even I had to call people to ask about…

A #beforeandafter from today! Enjoy them Ashleigh! #sarahvictorbeauty #glastonburyct… 

TWO FUCKING POINTS AWAY GOD DAMMIT I FUCKING HATE MY LIFE. And I have to wait 60 days before I can retake the damn test.

In addition, I’m adding those with the word ‘could’ in the title. It’s not even fake news, it is just guessing. UPO… 

Keep your followers engaged. Share quality content, even while you are away from Twitter. 

Getting home at this time is stupid my guy, how i'm supposed to sleep with the birds and sun out

In all seriousness, read this thread. Same place my furor comes from but much more smartly articulated. 

ROCK NEVER DIES! Konser All About Music: The Unifier | NTRL, PAS band, FSTVLST | Sabtu, 15 Apr'17 | JEC | Presale 3… 

You ain't never have a bitch that understand you ,most of them wanna use you andthey ran through I just wanna be somebody that can add to you

Mom Doesn’t Know Why Their Baby Is Wearing 2 Onesies, Then Dad Says ‘Take Off The Blue One’. 

Hilary fucking Knight you guys 

THE WALLFLOWERS - Bringing Down The Horse - (1997) CD  

1.08 Carat Round Diamond 925 Silver Cathedral Shank Halo Style Bridal Ring Set  

The long game of Enzo being more of a hindrance than a help to Big Cass is and will continue to be wonderful #Wrestlemania33

I just don't understand how grown ass woman will let their room be dirty ..

we are all so proud of him! i hope when it drops it makes people start talking about what really matters...and not th… 

Looking forward to the Launch Fest in this place! We #learned a lot last year. Now we're near #MVP complete/BETA and… 

So, the f*cked-up idiot driver who killed 13 nice people aboard a bus was texting while driving.... #rage #disgust

Bisola Speaks To TBoss, Opens Up About Her Baby Daddy, Daughter And More.  

Pretty wild yet sensical...that the exact moment and location of our entrance into this life determines our destiny..

It's exactly this disturbing mix of conspiracy and "high politics" (i.e. contrarianism and provocation from a position of authority) ...

Fans probably miss it now because they used to show some things that happened when feeds were down. 

I walked in this 711 w a huge ass book bag and a purse around me ppl looking at me like I got 12 heads

7 News at 6pm: Female motorbike rider dead after a crash with a truck on the M4.  #7News 

i hate anime [continues watching it and buying merch anyways] fuck anime

You are trying a new approach to doing your chores today. You ... More for Leo 

this is why i dislike whites. trynna make a drama out of every fucking thing. 

Raptors losing last night is so disappointing, especially considering both Boston and Washington lost. If we don't win 50 it'll be real bad.

What you mean? If we dating you have all my social media . Ain't no games played 

OANN: RT ClaireyHardwick: General Consul Ahmed Farouk spoke to OANN about what to expect for realDonaldTrump and P… 

Lynn May Young today sentenced to 25 years in prison for Child Abuse-Knowing/Reckless Causing Serious Bodily Injury. #2015CR1763

There are things in life that we question a lot, but we dont realize that sometimes answers come when we stop asking YASNER MOST REQUESTED

Guy Catches Girlfriend Cheating When She Sexts Him From the Hotel Room          

The PNW has produced so many wanderers and hosts so many adventures.     #staywild… 

Ladies and gentlemen of press. We are now recording in HD #charlestonlivemusic #kailbaxley… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

This mf made me cum not 1,2,3, but 4 times tonight. I made him bust 3. Nigga had stamina 4 sho damn ....

Me: my passport has the wrong name on it British State: PROVIDE A LETTER FROM DOCTOR, PAY AND WAIT Also British State: pink is oppressive

£5 in my PayPal by however many people means I put the can in my little pussy ;) then upload the photo... 24 hours 

A second teen victim recalls the stabbings. Says it took him awhile to realize it wasn't a joke.He heard someone yell "Run, he has a knife!"

The Air Force Wants a andamp;quot;Cloaking Deviceandamp;quot; for its Tankers #Internationalcrime 

Take yo fucking hat off   

Now they're gone but I still think they're gonna come back feast over this entire house wallah i'm in actual tears I hate my family so much

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

Check out official pix photograph 8x10 #starwars wicket w. warrick  #RogueOne #TheLastJedi

Until you cross the bridge of your insecurities, you can't begin to explore your possibilities. - Tim Fargo #quote

Spent 5 hours today learning #AfterEffects and working on an #animation for my new logo. #Music for it is almost done too! Gonna be sick!

He ignores me until I say the magic word #treat #rajathecat #catsofinstagram 

OK LOOK. werewolves and abo aus are life. do yourself a favor and search for lupi in ao3 to read please 

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

You don't want to take anyone's word for anything today. You m... More for Aries 

watching someone called "Xposed" on twitch and he got a kill and spit water at his monitor and told the guy to "get off his map" like what

#Düsseldorf Apr 02 08:50 Temperature 10C few clouds Wind SW 7 km/h Humidity 85% Germany .. 

What ever happened to that video of the little black boy going off on his family member for stealing his ramen noodles?  

charter kids always seem to forget that they don't go to cab   lol stay of your floor mf   you can't sing or dance    

Our new bookstore and visitor information space is now open at the Erpf Center in Arkville! Stop… 

Older style beds with drapes were used to retain as much heat as possible in cooler months. #SummitCollege #HVAC 

can negan just fucking die already?? #TheWalkingDead

and u know what, people of age should stop pretending like underage people who want to have sex are disgusting

I am not quite sure as to who left a little gift in my doorstep, but I appreciate it endlessly, thank you so very much for this gestASADSFDF

so to sum up am fucking skint fucking spotty and reallyyyy fucking fat X luvin lyf

No whatsaps by the moment. Please I have others ways to be contacted: Telephone, gmail and facebook. Kisses everybody.

Life doesn't get easier or more forgiving; we get stronger and more resilient. - Steve Maraboli #quote

SOOOO NOWWWW YOU ON MY BAD SIDE AND THATS THE WRONG SIDE TO BE ON BITCH. NOW I REALT DONT LIKE YO ASS

30 minutes and we get to hear Harry since 2015. I'm fucking screaming yall.

Today this girl told me she loved my lipgloss and asked what kind it was, you should have seen her face when I told her it was Vaseline lmao

I hate it when a nigga tells me I remind him of a girl he once knew. Nigga u remind me of a bitch ass nigga I once… 

WI v Pak, 2nd ODI: Match is scheduled to start at 07:00 PM IST in Guyana, West Indies. 

Sorry to learn of the death of actor Tim Piggot-Smith from The Jewel in the Crown and North and South. RIP, Mr. Hale.

All Donald trump fault that's fucked up   

2016 was a great year. Worked with some amazingly talented people. 2017 will be even better, lots of amazing... 

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

Opened Street or Sidewalk Cleaning request via iphone at 1096 Eddy St  Bicycle tire frame by city can by park.

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

It is said and done that I will be getting fucked up on Tuesday.. #ishookonit   ‍  ‍

Still crazy seeing Matt Holiday in a Yankees uni #OpeningDay

well comparing to my country's politics pfft the condition sucks istg too much two faces and media plays to the point idk who's honest/not

Hey idiots, you need more trades workers... #TheUninformed #Trumpism #TrumpianOutlook 

"Affended"    this nigga an idiot   ‍ 

CW 813 - Frances Donald - Optimistic Investor Sentiment, John Hancock, Manulife Asset Management 

Avocados aren’t just for eating, you can have fun with them too! Check out our activities #AFMsweepstakes -… 

LMFAO Caster Gil's description!!! I'd screen cap and tweet it but it's poking fun at a spoiler so... Oh god, this April Fool's is amazing

IN 1.5 WEEKS ILL LEAVE GAINESVILLE FOREVER AND I GET MY MFN DEGREE IN AUGUST!!!!! HELL YESSSSSSSS 

i think i'm developing cancer from this fucking lunch period.

International 4700 (2001) #International  This Wrecker was the owners own personal truck, 

This beast titan going to be a fucking problem!!!!

The episode where Michael Scott leaves just fucked me up.

I have not failed... Thomas Edison #quote #quotes #tweetjukebox  

#NationalTeachingAwards17 What a lovely showdown. I'm overwhelmed by the love and appreciation given to our teachers. Long live #ORTambo!

You're a master of disguise, My Dear. Keep the facade. Hide the worries away; especially to yourself.

Belle Cunt Exposed Et Fucked Dans Chien 

It does not make anyone respect you anymore when you boast how amazing your life is on social media, humble yourself...

Salacious doggy position fucking for pair 

Your opinion matters but this is not a fact you are tweeting.. It's a wait and see thing.. Sorry Americans are thi… 

Ring Talisman spell kit ritual haunted irresistible to a women woman female get 

It's time to ditch Skype and Teamspeak. Discord is the only free and secure all-in-one voice+text app designed for gamers that works on your

Boeing reveals zipline to evacuate astronauts on launchpad  

freedom is finishing the yearbook! and yay newspaper, the newest print edition is beautiful! it's a good day for ARS Press  

BITCH if America doesn't like something, they don't like it! Little Mix is very talented. But forcing them upon us isn't gonna work.

Crissydemure is currently Live Free Chat  #filipina #pinay #philippines 

WHAT FUCKING EPISODE IS THis oH MY goD 

#realestate OLD LARGE HISTORIC PHOTO OF LAKE VILLA ILLINOIS THE RAILROAD DEPOT STATION c1910… 

Normal high for today: 59 F, normal low: 37 F. Records: High 85 F (1991), Low 10 F (1982). Sunset: 7:37 PM.

[  ] Unrest as Paraguay senators back president re…  | 

Just like you shouldn't think that all Male cops are the only ones who can protect you. Women cops can too.

We trust these people have Americas best interest in mind #ThingsMoreTrustedThanTrump #Trumprussia #TheResistance 

#China #Yulin 2016 Most dogs R stuffed inside cramped metal cages as they are lined up 2 B sold at the carnival 4 Y… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!  #TreCru 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Meet Laika, one of my alter-egos whose head I hopefully complete in near future. This was my third head I worked o… 

ALSO FUCK NORTH CAROLINA, THEYVE BEEN TO THE CHAMPIONSHIP EIGHT TIMES IN THE PAST THIRTEEN YEARS, GONZAGA DESERVES THE WIN MORE

Ep6. I'm starting to see what Clay could've done wrong ... but maybe it's nothing. Maybe he isn't at fault at all.. let's see #13ReasonsWhy

I wanna show my girl off to the world, not to get the guys attention to take her; but to show them what they'll nev… 

Fond Du Lac WI Weather now. Temp 29.4, Wind 0, Wind dir 69, Wind chill N/A, Gusting to 0, UV 0.0

Happpy birthday jose finally    hope you have the best day and night and next weekend   see you later, love ya   … 

And these muthafuckas are stressing me out about what movie to see and where to eat! Fuckin annoying  

Nothing is holding back your imagination now, freeing you to e... More for Aquarius 

#Menen #hotwife fucking #sexdates #sluts slut #phonesex #cumshow submassive #hornykik #sexyselfie 

Lol year and a half of my life down the drain and I'm finally livin the way I've wanted to. Really couldnt be more content w life

Regardless of the luxurious things you have, stay humble because that makes you more respectable by others.

jaysonst: No doubt this is a period of transition. LeBron/Brady have been around over a decade. Young MLB stars ne… 

Ben Affleck Says Playing Batman 'Very Intimidating'; Will Jennifer Garner #JenniferGarner  #jennifergarner

Reasons students get detention #3...Trying to whip their class peers into shape...lmao. In this… 

House Ethics Committee now investigating Devin Nunes over his White House stunt: report 

Modern Adjustable Counter Swivel Pub Style Bar Stools / Barstools Set of 2 Black  

Signed Real Madrid shirt by Ramos bnwt with Coa  #halamadrid #RealMadrid 

03-31 LOL: '#GameofThrones' Featurette from 'SNL' Shows the Magic Behind the Dragons #GameofThrones 

RARE,ORIGINAL TIE USED AND WORN BY MUHAMMAD ALI...BOXING..NBC BURBANK  

Thursday's Top 5 Stories: Mobster Pleads, Bears Come Out, Pita Bread Exec Indicted 

Marine Training Services WEA (Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands) Welcome to the April 2017 edition of the Mari…

MY GIRLFRIEND AND I ARE ON ARIANA GRANDE'S FUCKING INSTAGRAM STORY I CANT

Ruri Kinoshita Hardcore Doggy Style Fucking 

Well said, if we don't preserve our British Christian culture through non halal clearly labelled Jesus eggs we'll n… 

YahooFinance: LIVE: Trump's summit with China's Xi Jinping starts today - serwer offers insight … 

Don't be that girl, if so stay your ugly ass home!   

Sean Spicer's daily press briefings are must-see TV drama in Washington |  

Engineering Company Fined After Falls From Elevated Platforms Injure Two Workers -An aircraft engineering company... 

Here are 5 actors and directors who are COLOURBLIND. Eddie Redmayne appears. Take a look here:… 

Regret is poisonous, it sucks, seeing it in a mans eyes is #painful. Take action on what you would regret not doing the most #Entrepreneur

Work all fkn week and none of my mates will go out on Friday or Saturday when I'm off but all decide to go out on Sunday when am workin   

Staley proud to be 2nd African-American coach to win title  

#pa sex offender dad fucking daughters 

Exhibition opportunity for Artists in Art Fair, Art Museum, Gallery with one of the most popular galleries in Europe 

I hate when people in chats are talking about shoes and they mention Jordans, then I slowly realize they aren't talking about me   

The HTC Vive isn’t on a diet but it lost weight since its pre-retail days  

You can tell after a girl just got hit by the after selfie with her nigga in the mirror , edges be messed up and weave be looking shocked  

since we're sharing embarrassing past ideas i was scared of writing fantasy on wp so all my ideas were washed out c… 

 #trump  It did no good to cry, she had learned that early on.   Stieg Larsson 

My Korean  of fitness presenter and I love every minute of it :).Love this city.… 

Just added a new item on Glambidz! Check it out here! #Glambidz  

Join the Wells Fargo team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Insurance #Cleveland, OH… 

i want to fucking die this is the cutest thing ive ever seen fuck dammit!!!!!!! (cred.  

Steroids Effects on Athletes - Bodybuilding Steroids Info #BodyBuilding  

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Pyrex 3-Piece Glass Measuring Cup Set" by Pyrex.  #giveaway

Immediate Response Lets fucking go Coutinho #MerseysideIsRed

Fucking stupid irritating hoe ass nigga i cannnnnnottt stand youuuuu

Fucking penn station. You have to be crazy to commute through penn station. 

If I was Tim Connelly, Nikola Jokic would have played his final game of the season tonight. He wouldn't be the only player taken out either.

Great odds: 3 copies of "Promises to Keep" up for grabs and not even 20 entries yet ... #EnterToWin! 

<Another Senator in fresh trouble over N4billion Contract, 20 accounts in 6 banks with different signatories 

Close Brothers Chairman Mike Biggs "Criminal Prosecution Files" * DAVID SAMANTHA CAMERON TRUST = TAX HAVENS = HMRC 

THIS IS SO CUTE OMG   #seulrene Seulgi and Irene (SeulRene) Teasing Each Other Compilation 

You may wonder why the actions that once earned you recognitio... More for Leo 

Fucking My Wife On Office Chair 

We're going through a setback with Leo. His infection got worse and it doesn't look like his… 

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

We stopped listening to you. Show financials or look guilty. Investigation is real story. Trumpgate. 

  had to get me some how that was high school days tho shit nowadays I stay away from the Dm lol 

Taking Bitcoin to the stockmarket won't do much for its risky image - The Conversation AU 

BIIIIITCH you know what's gone happen to me if i sit and stare at ppl downtown Fresno for 10 hours?!

When is Eurozone flash CPI and how could affect EUR/USD?  #Forex 

5.11 Tactical RUSH 24 Backpack Assault Pack Bag MOLLE Black 58601 RUSH24  

Haters gonna hate bruh. Keep on hating, keep on talking abt me. I dont give a fuck      

William Jennings Bryan meets Woodrow Wilson in Inauguration of President Wilson Reviewing the Troops

Now that I think about it, I'm quite upset with La La Land because my ideal first date has always been the planetarium and now I feel robbed.

in July, you gonna really fucking hate me. just WAIT. #drunkmagazine

please STOP ATTACKING NAMJOON yes he's spoken out about lgbtq+ issues before but he has no obligation to do anything it breaks my heart

#car loan interest rates for bad credit wireless bird box camera

Why the officer have to shoot him hella times? But why did the dude fucking run? 

Blooms in April: Ononis spinosa (Tall Spiny Rest-harrow)  Flowers in Israel #nature #Blumen 

probably just stare at them from afar or if im brave enough, go up and say hi 

my sketchbook is so personal to me it's like my soul i feel like if u look through it w/o permission ill hate u for the rest of my life

Wantage Silver Band Inner Band Contest is on Sunday 30th April. This will feature lots of WSB members playing... 

Fucking scenes if Bournemouth do it to the Dippers...again

woman getting fucked up the ass 

04-01 April Fools’ Day live: Best and worst jokes and...  #AprilFoolsPranks 

I'm so so sad that he's gone thru this, and I'm relieved that he spoke openly about his feelings   

#USA - Join Lyft Today Up to 35/hr - A #job background as dental assistant registered dental... #WORK #CA… 

HBO confirms 2017 Rock Hall Induction Ceremony airdate - The Music Universe -  

What a wonderful group of staff we met at Martin Brower ANZ (Adelaide Distribution Centre) who… 

guy fucks two shocking schoolgirls 

EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacking (CEH v9) course is the most desired certification program being favored by... 

I won at Paris stage with 300 points! Challenge me now![ #Bowling_King 

Dallas done fucked up tonight  . We see that hand . 

"Inflation is as violent as a mugger, as frightening as an armed robber and as deadly as a hit man." Ronald Reagan 

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Brussels, B for now (12h28m01s UT): 12°10'08.6'' #Leo (AC) / 24°10'07.2'' #Aries (MC)

Played pretty meh today across the board. I need to start grinding more in BBCF and JO to find the improvement I want.

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Answer this question have you ever fucked yo nigga friend?

Not 10 minutes before they arrive. I'm just waking up, and I need to take a shower. I'm so sick of the lack of disrespect

Don't forget to pick up your trash in the venue and throw them properly. If ARMY can do it on other stops, so can y… 

I just expect the worst that's how I prevent shit from happening man

Former Undersecretary of Commerce Addresses S.Korean President Park  … #Grantsville

I hope this isn't an April Fool's prank. Fucking disgusting. 

FINALLY, GODSWILL AKPABIO DEFECTS TO #APC  #news #allprogressivescongress #aprilfool

I just checked in at Simcoe Beverage Dist with #mPLUSPlaces Download today! 

Early. They struggled early on and we didn't execute some plays and obviously didn't rebound the basketball as usual.

Exodus 1:22 Pharaoh charged all his people saying Every son that is born you shall cast into the river and every daughter you shall save alive

Zara Phillips brings royal touch to the Grand National at... #GrandNational  #grandnational

Brilliant article - by all means take back control, but from the Tabloid rags who are the real threat. 

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

Its quite dangerous, how we label certain books are allowed while others arent. Almost as if someone wants to contr… 

Developing countries are ill-equipped to manage the growing chronic-disease burden 

Televangelist Pat Robertson Is Sick And Tired Of Gays And Lesbians ‘Infiltrating’ The Media And Universities… 

You should record audio of him saying all that stuff that's what I'm doing with my ugly ass history teacher smh 

Dream is to become an F1 driver, compete at the Masters and manage Arsenal to an unbeaten season InshaAllah

Painting is fun, especially when you are 11 years old! #kidsparty #happybirthday #kidsartclass… 

Glencore to sell 51% stake in its global oil storage business for $775M to HNA Group:  

Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot' 

What a great way to start the Monday back after Spring Break! Thank you Mrs. Cooke! I love this staff and look forwar… 

Stressing bc I gotta have 3 artists and loads of primary photos for after Easter and idek what project I'm doing yet

The potato head in Toy Story is a fucking ass hole throughout the series.

Hello people in #NewYork, #California and elsewhere, now you can watch a movie for free:  

So proud of you!! You inspire me everyday with your great sense of leadership. Your speech was well spoken.   

Hateful, arrogant bastards. How in hell are we to survive with Crazy Horse trumputin and his mis-administration at th… 

They can only really made with other gangs and terrorists each other and there incest to ABC's there mouths I called them that because they

VIDEO: Top Instagram Marketer exposes her simple '10 Secrets to 30K Instagram Followers' right before your eyes.

#ebuy Girls Clothes 2-3 Years Bundle: £3.50 (0 Bids) End Date: Monday Apr-3-2017 13:58:08 BST Bid now |…… 

celeste crawford sucking and fucking video 

VIDEO Mass Shooting at Munich shopping mall, SEVERAL DEAD, ISIS CELEBRATES on social media 

Ahh I love forests. Nothing like walking shirtless through the woods without a care in mind. Makes me smile. So quiet but loud.

I've met some pricks in my time but you are a fucking cactus.

I wanted to be on Zoom so bad. I can even speak that fuckin dumbass language they spoke

FUCK Y'ALL, GOD DAMN AND CURSE Y'ALL, DIE AND GO TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Flower 2016.9.14 Release「THIS IS Flower THIS IS BEST」Music Trailer  #E-girls,#イーガールズ,#LDH

I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU ARE THE love of my life I JUST MISS YOU AND HAVE I SAID THIS? i love you taylor alison swif… 

The government fucked me with my taxes   if there's one thing Trump could attempt to fix, it would be that

It's fucked up how I feel about her, I shouldnt be feeling this way

I have 2 new followers from USA, and more last week. See  

The NSA's Poweful Toolbox /1 TAO (Tailored Access Operations) HQ=Remote Operations Center (ROC)-based at the NSA HQ… 

I guess I like my nose and face. It'd be great if no one in the world was able to have plastic surgery. Then natural beauty would REIGN! ;-)

maybe I'll rewatch the first episode of parks and rec or the office to figure out how to open fcc but that sounds so unappealing rn

Wind 2.0 mph NNW. Barometer 1021.5 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 11.0 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 78%

Ordnance Survey's 3D digital map of UK offers stunning views  

This dude just told the class black dudes don't get lice. Teacher said, "What do they get?" He goes, "Jungle lies." *Everyone's Dead*    

General Wired Keyboard Flip Holster Case For Andriod Mobile Phone 4.2''-6.8'' WH  

April the Giraffe is going to call us all fools when she gives birth at midnight for April Fools Day  

i heard this song on the radio ONCE and it's ruining my fucking life

Leather Dog Collar Greyhound Whippet Lurcher Hand Painted SZ 12 1/2" - 15 1/2"  

Blueshite resorting to bad dirty tackles!! Little fuckin rats, can't take gettin skooled! AGAIN! #MerseysideDerby

Good morning its friday and in 9hrs fun begins. To my family friends be safe be nice love as you mean it , live... 

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

Good news: Trump is unpopular Bad news: Democrats are as popular as Trump   

I don't know but President Hillary would've hit all their runways to establish a no-fly zone. She still thinks Liby… 

ie: your fucking bible, philistine... *probably not going to get the reference... sad...

Stg if any of my friends said some hurtful shit to me about my personal life 1) we not friends anymore and 2) you getting smacked

Legit got so happy when we passed Shane Company on the freeway   that's how you know you're from the Bay!

No one FUCKING cares her photo needs to be all over the media 

2017-04-03 02:15:01.534956 -- latest data from 2017-03-11 19:01:32 - Temperature: 9.2 C - Humidity: 60 % - Wind: 0.0 km/h --

I usually don't fangirl on idol turn actor much except for Doojoon but these 2 are making me crazy these days with… 

Thank you to everyone who donated to Shae-Lynn's fundraiser by donating to Value Village. She is one step closer... 

Are you at that point in your life when you look back and wonder when it all went wrong  #asmsg 

Never put them first if you always come last never give your all.if you only get half. KISSES SlayOnMegMag

Sometimes I wanna treat people how they treat me. But then I remember that an eye for an eye makes the world go blind. So I try to be better

Being a coward will close so many doors for you. Stand for yourself and use your influence and power you have :)

Sometimes I question myself by the people around me. They cause me to change how I am, no wonder I'm so fucked up. c: #Bot

RBI double to center by Giancarlo Stanton and the #Marlins take a 1-0 lead over the #Nats in the 4th in #Nationals Park.

Who is Matthew Willock? Manchester United youngster profiled after being named in squad for West Brom clash… 

Waiting for Jay and Dawson to get out of school so I could take them home my ass is mad sleepy   

Yes Michael Cole... What ABOUT last year's #Wrestlemania with Ambrose v Lesnar??? Tell us about it 

I hate you bitchhhhh yea I hate you bitch never thought I say it but I hate you bitch 

"Taniel" in the making, shooting RED 6k with help from super talented Portsmouth Uni BAFP film student's. 

We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Scalehouse Attendant -  

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

I've covered SARS for yrs and never seen anything like what happened today.I get to reflect on that. 

yes i do the yes i do the yes i do the yes i do the yes i do the yes i do the yes i do the yes i do the yes i do the yes i do the yes i do t

Will Barnet Cat and Canary Poster Offset Lithograph Unsigned 16x11  

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive shots of Skypiea's "Kami," Eneru!  #TreCru 

I can't believe women really bad mouth other women to men to get him to not fuck with the other woman.

Proposal To Charge For Honolulu Trash Pickup Discarded For Now - Honolulu Civil Beat #cchnl 

Marquei como visto The Walking Dead - 7x16 - The First Day of the Rest of Your Life  #bancodeseries

*no clue what the fuck is happening at any given moment* yeah! robos!

Have you ever been so shocked that you're trying to absorb what the fuck even happened way after it already happened

ok wtf tape1 side B is literally nthng like the book they're missin out on all the details um ion wanna kno bout justins boring ass ne more

I seriously just want to be as cool as this guy. Riding around my neighborhood making all the kids jealous of my da… 

Mikasa Ackerman getting fucked 

Sharks vs Oilers: Lines, gamethread, and where to watch #SJSharks  

The things you can get away with on a college campus in a casual button down and coat is obsurd. Homeless professor is my new power look.

No don't do this Bc then y'all gone be mad when we go get our dick suck by another girl 

I'm gonna slam my damn head into a fucking wall watching this damn team

Right I'm sleeping so good night! I hope jackson's doing ok, that bam gets to Korea safely and for all of got7 to stay healthy 

Got home from work to find a delightful Easter card plus voucher from the best boss in the business! (but did he know?) LOL.

The Black Sails finale was something brand new. It was so bloody well executed and it really showed just how well a show can be.

It's uncomfortable for me man. You should know your fucking limit booboo. What? You want someone to lean on? Fuxk no. Not me.  

I woke up to see alot of people showing evidence they have voted TBoss over 10x since last night and they want to... 

When the beaver runs out of trees maybe it can try to break into the coal industry. 

UK Airport Runway Blocked By Activists To Stop The Deportation Of Nigerians (Pics) 

Cuddled In a blanket playing kingdom hearts 2!! It's getting deep yo! #KingdomHearts2 

Our fairy gardens are coming along nicely! #fairygarden #faerie #garden #disneyfairies… 

I never look away; I want to stare into your face, The gentle look away; I let my true feelings be sitting here trying to

I want to die I'm an annoying bitch who deserves death

Couldn't stop crying! Don't like stories spread out over umpteen pages but the video at the end was worth it! 

If wrestling is fake to you, let me Power bomb you from 25 ft in the air onto two tables stacked on top of one another. Try to fake that.

Favstar_Bot: TechnicallyRon Congrats on your 500 tweet!  

A husband is regarded as the head, not a boyfriend. If you need 'support' go and get a job, not a boyfriend!

My mamma is currently having a bath while listening to the war of the worlds soundtrack... it's the most tense bath anyone could have...

Father Impregnates 20yrs Old Daughter… dumps baby in well  

For Trump to force China's hand on North Korea, he may need to convince them he's a madman  

#Prophet #Muhammad was always #smiling to anyone he met whether he knows him or not.  #Ep06_

Best birthday gift ever! #PTXBohemianRhapsody #PTXVOL4 could be down to 2nd best if PTX wished me a happy birthday today! Love ya'll! Me.

13 Reasons Why has got to be some of the dumbest shit I've ever seen if u like it u probably like j Cole

Go to the bathroom, turn the lights off and say "yee haw" 3x while facing Houston Texas, Jacob Sartorious will appear before you on a horse.

We used this as our base for the Fruit of the Spirit tree we created in another craft time... 

ISHI | International Symposium on Human Identification >> » Re-Thinking International Missing Persons DNA Databases 

BET NOW with #LeoVegas and get WIN CHAMPION LEAGUE FINAL TICKETS -  

This picture remains one of the best things to ever happen on the show. Just amazing and never gets old to see 

#econews Indonesia is committed to achieve 23% on national energy mix  #greeners 

Explosion in a St Petersburg metro station, 10 people injured, reports Reuters 

crissy moom cught masturbating and fucked 

Want to learn more about the history of #invoicefactoring? This is a great #infographic: 

Oliver never fails to surprise me, sat at half 10 at night listening to recordings of a whole period of miss currie    why

Just in time for spring! New growth has sprouted in CSAT's Greenhouse! There are strawberries, eggplant, flowers an… 

Janta Go To Your Nearest Cinema And Watch a Movie Called #RaabDaRadio A Phinominal Act The Whole Cast Acted I Cried Hope You all Cry

But, but, SNPs at contig ends are so easy to find. Always start by looking at those ones! 

1 Pittsburgh Steelers 32 oz plastic 2016 Regular Season Souvenior Soda Cup  #Pittsburgh #Steelers #Football

The #BlackBerry KeyONE has been delayed until at least May  #android #handsets #manufacturers

Laptop battery life falls 'drastically short' of manufacturers' claims, investigation reveals… 

This mf shuttle bus driver trying to fucking freeze us to death !! Its cold af on this hoe !

Came home from training,tired wildly ! Let's have a chat -  

＠null #Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Bombay, IND for now (13h58m01s UT): 20°16'45.8'' #Libra (AC) / 19°50'31.4'' #C… 

Who's mallelyn — my baby my motha fucking baby 

Car Auto Car Rearview Mirror Mount Holder Stand Cradle For Cell Phone GPS N  

I think I'm starting to see why people are upset about the new Pepsi commercial. #PepsiLivesMatter #smh… 

777 fucking dollars for one 4 credit summer class 

[H-NYC] RT ygaudry: #growthhacking: Social Quant - Twitter Growth Done Right #traffic  

There are not enough benzos on this goddamn planet for me to cope with this POTUS launching missiles at Syria.

treating someone like theyve already fucked up or like... waiting with baited breath for it to happen is. something

HALLMARK KEEPSAKE STAR TREK ENTERPRISE NX-01 ORNAMENT 2002 NOS  #StarTrek #Spock #Enterprise 

Why do I gotta be so attracted to certain females like ok ya it's a female and not a male so I'm doing somethin right but nooo, wrong female!¡

Learn the official story of Mike Pence, the 46th President of the United States:  

Just made it to Memphis and y'all ass are crazy af just like I remembered  

Who are the jackasses that are voting for Moulin Rouge over #ToDieFor what is wrong with you? Support #ToDieFor!! #KidmanWorldCup

my mama said " now who tf said that"   I hate you hoes on baby knem!

Retail Strategy Today: A Blended Online and In-Store Shopping Journey [Infographic]  #marketing

"I’m going to come to your house, fill up your whole fridge, fill up your whole cabinet... I’m just tryna help.” 

New post: #2: Requiem for the American Dream: The 10 Principles of Concentration of Wealth and Power 

I just summoned another fucking hawkeye 

Me after arguing w itzas annoying ass 

Indifference is expensive. Hostility is unaffordable. Trust is priceless. It's all about Relationships. - Ted Rubin #quote

Final touches are being made to #LunarLantern market research. Don't miss out, follow our Facebook and instagram… 

I'm the fucking child Ronald McDonald is a scary cunt 

Jizz Guzzler Fucked In The Pussy And Ass 

1029 jibes at the fact that Protestant opinion on birth control has changed #tcspf4247919392dc019d5835d76535db9aa

NEW - Phyllida and the Brotherhood of Philander: A Novel  

It's alright tho, I felt like crap most of the day and caught up with a girl friend I hadn't seen in ages so it was nice.

acmc_clock_amer: #Uranus is now (13h28m01s UT) rising at 23°37'35.3'' #Aries conjunct #ascendant at Denver, USCO

Airbus and SITA join forces to provide advanced cybersecurity services: Airbus and SITA have launched new Security… 

Sometimes your commitment to fulfilling your obligations is re... More for Taurus 

The incredible story of bad-ass war photographer Catherine Leroy. None of her male colleagues were as brave as her. 

Hey Haniza, here's to more of our dates.   ps. we look ridiculous in this pic   

Glad and proud to these 9 brothers for being named Top 100 Students, and congratulations to Drew and Tristan for bein… 

This idiot rear ended us and drove us I hate people

Question: Are y'all gonna say/comment "Get out" every time you see a black person dating someone of a different race?

      agreed sick of seeing her ass 

Now’s a good time to scatter slug pellets thinly around vulnerable plants such as seedlings and young shoots 

Breaking down the #federalbudget for the middle class: #Tax Service Line Leader Dave Walsh explains… 

If Abe doesn't say something ridiculous in this dream world I'm going to be so disappointed! #TheWalkingDead

Anybody can love your looks, but it's your heart and personality that can make someone stay with you.

Wind 19.7 mph SW. Barometer 1014.4 mb, Falling slowly. Temperature 10.4 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 83%

OH GOD IT LOOKS BAD THIS IS WHY I DONT FUCK WITH HIGHWAYS AND INTERSECTIONS

BJP candidates scramble to file nomination papers Party declares several names a few hours before deadline 

Filles Celeb des Musiciens Get Fucked 

#anal iranian girls fingering fucking them selves 

Your to-do list is extensive today as you optimistically attem... More for Scorpio 

Why is this the cutest fucking thing omg   

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

brunette fucking in hotel home 

Khofi would feel out of place... I hope they'd try to include him... He wouldn't know how to have a family...

First baseman Morgan Tolle rips a double to open up the bottom of the first; she has now hit safely in 15 consecutive games

BLACK SAILS WOODES ROGERS LUKE ROBERTS SCREEN WORN COAT and SCARF EP 408  

Gained 136 new followers in the past week. I’m growing my account the right way, are you? Do it with 

My RA, yelling down the hallway: "The RAs are coming - room inspections! Hide your liquor! Hide your candles!"

the worst one for me is zach, she was TOTALLY vulnerable and he was pissed off because she didn't trust him?????

Prinny Can I Really Be the Hero PSP Factory Sealed New PlayStation Portable Box  

Don't like jokes? Unfollow, I don't need your boring ass in my life.

This Saturday! Come out Tri-Cities! | #onekingsport #photography #communityevent #kingsport… 

So proud of my best friend I hope you know this means I'm gonna be there to annoy you on the weekends 

pocket pussy flashlight #trinidadian women getting fucked 

"But... I still feel a little bit flustered that you tried to compliment me so... thank you I guess?"

^Bisola stuns fans when she said she never attended any university (Photos/Video) 

5 Things You Should Know Before Putting Your Pet To Sleep:  #petlover #pets 

nigga u just like me , How u gone hate when u just like me niggas don't understand they lost oh probably bc they ain't me

More #cabinetreshuffle reaction: Zuma’s actions ‘put SA into turmoil’ – BASA 

Two magic casters must cleanse their would of darkness to battle in a war between Humans and Elementals. #TKA20

Donald Trump can’t decide if he’s a tax-and-spend Keynesian by Matt O'Brien via Wonkblog 

Really fucking winds me up getting ignored but as soon as they need you expect a reply like   

delphinus: ravenclaw/slytherin, i'd say the latter bc although she's nice she's very ruthless and ambitious

Human Resources Officer (HR Generalist) - Neath Port Talbot (Castell-nedd Port Talbot) - Otto Simon Limited 

Building Brand Awareness: The Value of Vehicle Graphics  

You can consider your #SEO campaign a success if you’re able to attract more people to your #site organically 

no offense .. but dissociating is actually fucking terrifying/ frustrating/ all around annoying and i hate 2 see it equated with "spacing out"

i just feel too damaged sometimes, i can't charm you with my appearance, and if i do, it feels like fraud and i wanna be honest from now on.

#NP Baba Fona Han Wa by Commander Ebenezer Obey #JujuVibesContinua With FatherAbraham #1049SMAFM  09091111049

This Mare Lost A Baby -- Then She Met A Little Orphan And They Healed Together 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

3D Camellia Crystal Handmade Finished Case cover skin for Iphone 6/6S plus 5.5 D  

Developers Are Trying To Port Android Wear To The Gear S3  

shay is my fucking boiii and idk how that happened but u no

Sometimes ladies want to get dirty and drenched in cum 

Starling marte toops five star on card silver ink auto /25 $30 #dmntakeover 

"It's been a hot minute since I've been able to climb... Three months off is going to hurt." [… 

Celeste by Dim3nsion playing on Tranceportation TV HD #Tranceportation #Trancefamily 

EXPOSED: Democrats CAUGHT Colluding With Muslims To Take Down President Trump 

Be straight up with a girl about what you want don't lead her on to make her feel some type of way then switch up  

Busty Babes Fucking And Licking On A Leather Couch 

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

"Persona 5" Launch Trailer is Here to Prepare You for the Metaverse  crunchyroll #Anime #Manga #Game

don't y'all just hate those freshman that try to involve themselves in upper class man festivities?? yeah me too ;)

Can any bilge rats beat my high score? Probably, but I am still proud enough to share it. #fwa2017 

I rather take 5 freaking history classes then fucking math bro

Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot'  #WorldNews #News 

already can hear that haunting guitar solo from Blue Oyster Cult's masterpiece; Don't Fear The Reaper.. 

#Sports In a year, James Harden has evolved from malcontent to MVP favorite - Chicago Tribune… 

#two girls fucking with strapon with one girl lifesize sex dolls 

Them mans who just rock up to the local bar to watch the movie on the screen while only on they embassy menthol deal. Like. All afternoon.

Startling examples of public art's vulnerability during a year celebrating it 

ATTENTION If you have been reading my last two posts on  I wonder if there are any ares of Mature Student... [part 1]

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

  lancrebitch: alittlelostsputnik: tinyratfeet: aquasplendens: themakeupwitch: ask-a-zebra: Having... 

Dave Chapelle's special on Netflix had my laughing so hard! It's great to see him back on stage. 

that feeling you get when you realized that BTS will each have their girlfriend in the future fml fml fml fml

Question: does a 2 liter open bottle of Coke qualify as covered drink next to computer? Answer: twitchy staff person finds cap, says NO!

What a nice feeling to be in love with God. No pain. No heartache. No disappointment. Just blessings and non stop joy.

If your mum has facebook, set this on your status. If she doesn't comment within 10 minutes so she owes you a big... 

An #Anglesey snapshot into the #seakayak symposium... bookings open...  

Real change in attitude needs to be from EU they dont care about UK position but without UK £50 billion EU Finished 

I blocked you already . You can't fucking block me 

 #TheOtherArtFair starts today at #bloomsbury's #VictoriaHouse presenting 130 emerging artis… 

Wind 3,9 km/h WSW. Barometer 1011,25 hPa, langsam fallend. Temperature 10,4 °C. Rain today 0,4 mm. Humidity 93%

I can't explain with just words how much you mean to me, but you're the only one I'm afraid to losing and the one I want to keep in my lifeJ

Social activities may be on the calendar today, but you aren't... More for Virgo 

Nintendo Switch emulator bait used to spread malware and ransomware, warns Norton 

You literally got me all the way fucked up I can't believe you would push something so vile on me 

Jessy Karson Gets Fucked in Shower 

hate to break it to you but believe it or not it makes you seem like a dick

hmu with some people are like "I hate this person" so they block them so they can bitch about them

It will be Cruz first general election, won his seat in a special election, I'd donate to get this stain out of the… 

         that's fucked up! 

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > 56 SHARE GENG.  .  

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

IT'S BEEN 2 FUCKING HOURS KAYLEE DO SOMETHING WITH YOURSELF!!!!

Dirty Talk Cum Tribute for Alexandra by gertob 

the VERY first bad I thought was this one. Now I don't have to do one for them. We have a winner! 

  YASSS It's time for a great show  DiamondHeart:Good Morning  

Found a Transponder Snail! Battle rages in Upper Yard! Shandians vs. "Kami"!  #TreCru 

You ain't ballin cause you got space jams boy those were released months ago sit yo fruit scoopin ass down   ‍

Listening to by (via #WorkflowHQ)    … … …… 

flash videos wemon fucking pigs bdsm 

Dude Gets Himself Ruthlessly Trolled When He Texts Wrong Number to Talk About His Dick  

I fucking hate being at a hair salon and they leave you for 30 minutes to do God knows what

Filipino Bataan Death March survivors mark 75th anniversary Shared via #Meev  

4 nil up, why get involved!? Grow a pair and get on with it and stop fucking whining

You want to dig in your heels today and resist change, especia... More for Libra 

NYC TIFFANY and CO HEADQUARTERS BY TED MOUDIS ASSOCIATES  #ny #nydesignagenda #interiordesign

He’s Trying Not To Laugh On Camera. What That Horse Behind Him Does Has EVERYONE Cracking Up! 

Buddy ass hoes still wearing flats   ‍  ‍  ‍  ‍ I hate flats bruh    

IM CLAIMING EVERY RETARDED SOUL OUT THERE WHO VOTED FOR THIS DICKHEAD

Heartworms and other parasites are a threat to your pet year round. Give them the protection they need with... 

New Versions of Android-Targeting Banking Malware Likely All Contain Ransomware - NASA F...  

Are you ever completely split between wishing you had never met someone and wishing you could remeet them again and do it all differently.

Mysterious creatures I want to see : 1. Extraterrestrials 2. Yeti 3. That guy in the shoe store throwing shoe's from the ceiling.

Liberal Daily Beast 'gets it,' more than some Trump voters I've seen lately "Don’t Get Fooled, Trump Is Winning" 

they exposed the fucking leadsinger i am pissed :)

Redhead gets her pussy puffed and ass fucked outdoors 

Office Lady Getting Her Pussy Fingered While Bending On The Desk In The Office 

I'm playing in a dodgeball tournament tonight. This should be incredibly funny 

It was wise to pop Taker out in the middle of that ramp. It's gonna take forever if he enters from the stage. LOL. #WrestleMania

Im ALWAYS here for objective Beyonce analysis but I do NOT see what yall see for Ashanti and never have "oh babay"   

That man came and insisted to get up, said I had kept Rumal. My friend replied - I will out Rumal on TajMahel so can I claim TajMahel? 2/x

The Most Dispersed Country In The World Is? A. Maldives B. Indonesia C. Malaysia D. Philippines Ans is [ A - Maldives ] #GeneralKnowledge

Some EpiPens Have Been Recalled - The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has released information on a recal... 

Class A CDL - Route Delivery Driver job at McLane Company - Lockbourne  #Indeed #jobs

#content #marketing #PR U.S. Ill-Prepared to Stop Widespread Russian Information Warfare 

After eight years it's international equities' turn to outperform the US. See The GIC Weekly 

#5YearswithEXO W-hatever happens to E-XO A-lways R-emember that E-XOL are the O-nly 1 who N-ever E-ver left them… 

A1: Education allows thinking by yourself and your own opinion, but ? forces you to accept something w/o having ur own thoughts. #tollchat

TEAEs - 6 pulmonary exacerbations in pbo, 7 in anabasum...but hey, that 75% reduction in acute annualized exacerbations, giddyup $CRBP

#talkdontrunaway from a fucking pistol 

Sales Pipeline Radio #60: QandA w Peter Thomas PeterAThomas  HeinzMarketing

The Huawei P10 is a beautiful device, but don't remove the screen protector   #Tech

For All Loving Couples - Sexy Things You Have To Try If You Have Not Done Yet 

I'm Admin M.S. finally graduated yesterday as a Bachelor or Science in Office Administration and bandmates and BPH is one of my inspiration

If you're allergic to a certain food and you know it, why the hell would you continue to eat it!? My viewpoint: 

New Dunce track coming later today probably... Vibey Dance RIP Slurms McKenzie 

Have you seen the fantastic 6th Century frescoes at Singiriya?   

Do girls just have this part of their brain that makes them think about thinks to annoy them... coz I certainly fucking do   

The person I wanna talk to can text me rn and I'll still ignore her stupid ass

I hate when I tell my friends from home "let's play gauchoball" and they're like "oh you mean stack cup/rage cage/sum bs*" nah fam gauchoball.

"Razbliuto" is a Russian word to describe that empty feeling you have for someone you once loved, but no longer love.

I really like Charizard but this meta appears to require heavies to have early kill throw combos to be viable.

#inspiration Every man has enough power left to carry out that of which he is convinced. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe #quotes #followme

Union, not the officers themselves. Huh. Union officials - I suggest you allow police 2 do their job, then you won'… 

yummy asshole pussy fucked 

pineapple is so nasty, it’s so sour and evil, and in fruit cup form? its fuckin DEMONIC

Or other stuff you use but dont think about like laundry detergent or toothpaste!! Thank God i work in a dental office lmao

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 151 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

3. Why would Assad use it 6 days after Trump declared that we would leave him in power. And why did he deny the use right after?

people always ask me am I a feminist. I'm not. I've never called myself a feminist. I don't care for feminism, and I should be allowed not to

Our recent post explains how Culver City is adding a ton of red light cameras since they’re a big revenue driver. 

Brocade and Satin Halter Corset w/Front Sash, Hook and Eye Front Closure and G-String Black/Red 32 $45.75 

It was his first time meeting my mother and he asked her to dance. My heart is so happy  

Law of Computability Applied to Social Sciences: If at first you don't succeed, transform your data set.

They keep on discovering beautiful and historical findings! Love this! #history #Egypt #pyramid 

Happy to skip school and spend my whole day at a dance competition. Happy I made BANK, had a good time, saw some good dances, and ate pasta.

When your friends are at the club but you missed their call when to grab the Uber 

At McKnight.mp3 feat P.I.Z dropping on the _th April. God thank you    Please RT Its a heavy tracc    

Sugar Cane Farm! - Expanding The Enchants! - (Minecraft Survival Island) - Episode 41- #Minecraft 

Talking bout some "It's not about the taste, it's about what it does to you after" 

It's interesting to watch Whiteness protect itself in this way. I don't think I've ever seen such a clear example before.

IM FUCKING PISSED #TheRapGame 

cleanup_recordings (0.1.1): Given an amount of space you want free this will remove recordings until we hit that… 

Checkout Our Newest Blog Post on the Q1 Market for 2017!  

Ol Dirty Bastard - Brooklyn Zoo  #nowplaying #listenlive

I hate the days I feel like fucking off. I can't afford those days or those feelings.

Y'all leave out fucked up too   so just stick to that wig looking ass frontal    #Kay

Over the course of the past few decades, United States has become a prime target for foreign investors. We have... 

This is how many Brummies are having accidents while commuting #Solihull  

anybody that shitted on me, I ain't fucking with none of ya!!!!

28% of companies in #Deloitte survey reveal they would likely pursue an #IPO in the next year with market optimism. 

Nasty black pimp makes hoe blow him 

Primroses looking splendid at BBOWT'S Sydlings Copse #nature reserve  Make sure to visit it… 

Time to commit to the goals you've set for yourself is probably settling in right about now. 

TWA terminal, JFK New York, New York April 1971 Photograph by Nick DeWolf  

9 draws and a loss in the league at Old Trafford by early April is surely a sackable offence #ManUtd #MNUEVE

It's not that I don't want you guys to see BTS. It's just that I think, at this point, it's too much already.

With me and I be having to use google translate or go to the web and type in what they saying, they be looking at me so damn crazy

I wanted to do beauty and the beast bangtan but i got sick. It's namjin coz we all know jin is the beauty, ok.

HTGAWM has me so fucking lit bro I'm deadass screaming

The Indie Music Game Has Changed. Here's How You Play -->  

kalynnworkman : Free training called 7-steps to results  

weed girl fucked #anal sheath 

Same. I'm #NotAOncer #NotAnEvilRegal #NotAnUglyDuckling The only place I have felt at home, really at home in thi… 

Did you know it's National Volunteer month? Be a voice for abused and neglected children. Contact us to learn more! 

How many followers do you get weekly? 5 awesome new followers for me! Grow with 

Petite Czech girl picked up in the streets and fucked for cash 

If you love Dan Clowes this is a must read! 'Wilson's' Daniel Clowes, patron saint of misfits and curmudgeons 

Someone tell that bloke in drag on the #dispatches program on #Channel4 there is no "the" preceding Ukraine. Propaganda and bad grammar. #C4

Women spend $200K on makeup in a lifetime:  survey You won't believe how much women... 

The fluid life of film is what continues to keep me inspired and passionate about it. How films change shape over time is simply amazing.

Atletico Madrid Youngster Theo Hernandez Refuses To Rule Out Real Madrid Move  

Another T shirt spotter winner of a Kindle Fire at #NCTMannual Stop by at one of our booth game shows and get you… 

Pumpkin is scared!!!   Dere is significant risk of tornaders tonight, especially dey say b/w 2AM to 6AM. I go under bed, Humom head not fit!

Can he literally fucking choke already 

If you watch that 70s show and you skip the song intro, YOU ARE A WEAK BITCH AND YOU DONT DESERVE TO WATCH IT  

Was gonna stream me opening cards of omen for luls but I realized I would have over 7k once I finished crafting the… 

She wants me dead, dead, dead. Dead, DEAD DEAAD DEEEEAAAAD!  #shewantsmedead

Like srsly if your employee tells you, "what you're doing/saying is triggering my PTSD" THEN STOP FUCKING DOING IT.

Las Vegas Golden Knights owner on Raiders' move: 'Better ways to spend $750m'  

12:36 - Trains diverted via Seven Sisters all day.  … Otherwise a good service is running. RS

I sometimes don't get what people want from you that is making them to basically talk behind your back.

Oh there will be hell in this Namibia. How far are we with that island money?? 

Hey Cubs fans, look at this cute doggo and his friends. And remember Cubs won the World Series. 

breathes. i will greet everyone when i have the time. but hello friends and thanks for joining aeonian!

I have purchased a few DLC's for Black Ops 2 but I don't know how to play the maps in public matches? Always end up on standard maps.

Ppl who wear heels to digi Monday are fucking tapped

Yooo I be saying the same shit to ppl but then realize that my child acts more mature than half these humans  ‍ 

I don't understand why girls with no kids complain about other girls getting pregnant... like okay its not your baby? So why tf do you care?

UK wants tech firms to build tools to block terrorist content: UK Home Secretary Amber Rudd is holding talks with…… 

I completed a puzzle in One Clue Crossword. Play now for free!  #OneClueCrossword 

I had a very bad day on #5YearswithEXO anniversary...my supervisor and workmates just a group of bitches besides i hate my part-time job  

Patients With Knee Osteoarthritis Who Score Highly on the PainDETECT Present With Multi-modality Hyperalgesia… 

1) Box is totally full of broccoli and tears. 2) Box is a vegan... nerd. 3) Apple has stubby earlobes.

Ba-ZING! "Our commander in chief is not in full command of his emotions or facts or geopolitics." 

#inthemusicnews The Cover Letter Makes MAGNET A Mix Tape - The Cover Letter has previously graced the MAGNET we... 

Businesses aren't people they only speak in bottom lines, expecting anymore is welcoming disappointment

dont u fuckin hate it when u hear my name? i feel the sameeeee

This also means that they will encourage healthier hair growth. Healthy hair is happy hair! We're so glad that you… 

So where do we from here? #Evelation2017 was epic! But now ask the Holy Spirit to marry His truths with our hearts, so we're more like Jesus

What I'm doing: laying in bed. What I'd like to be doing: ordering sushi like a sick ass boss.

Foster AE and Event Coordinator Lindsay Brown attended the AADE Deepwater and Emerging Technologies Group meeting tod… 

SM_NCT: [OFFICIAL] 170402 NCT Vyrl update with #DOYOUNG  

Row as tampon tax cash goes to anti-abortion charity Life- it's a fucked up world 

OH MY! Another REAL issue to discuss?? 86 the #Russian bs and look at the recent votes in Congress that allows ISPs t… 

I believe #holdthefloor will fail. Both Garland and Gorshich R good men, but GOP has the power from Dems failure, so Gorsich WILL B confirmed.

RBC On Today's "Remarkable" Market Move: "Suddenly Treasuries Can Not Sell Off" | Zero Hedge 

In less than 20 years the Muslim birth rate will surpass Christians to become the largest population worldwide,... 

#Doitlikeitslegal black crop tops get yours only at  today #LondonLtdClub 

Wind 5.0 mph S. Barometer 30.000 in, Rising Rapidly. Temperature 37.3 °F. Rain today 0.21 in. Humidity 94%

Field Based Case Manager RN - Green Bay, WI - USA-WI-Green Bay: Field Based Case Manager RN… 

Come study songwriting the Berklee College of Music way with Berklee graduates that have over 20 years experience! 

For do I now persuade men, or God? Or do I seek to please men? For if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of God. Gal.1.10.KJV

“For the god of this world has blinded the unbelievers' minds [that they should not discern the truth], preventing…” 

#sex with breast milk welsh girls gets fucked 

I'm gon' dye your hair so dramatically that when I'm thru you gon' look jus' like Max Branning's wrinkled glans

A232 Croydon Road closed both ways btwn A21 Farnborough Common and Oakley Road - Earlier resurfacing has CLEARED.

She honestly brought it upon herself. Instead of consulting with Viva she boasted about it on social media.

Our pretty Miss Sungkyung! Thankyou for coming tonight! Hope you can enjoy our event this night #K한류AwardsNight 

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

Characterization of AlMn TES Impedance, Noise, and Optical Efficiency in the First 150 mm Multichroic Array for Ad… 

 The week is finally here. Chelsea has the look you do not want to see on your Maid of Honor    #itsgoindown… 

Dog Literally Kept in a Hole in the Ground Finally Gets the Forever Family She Deserves  

It might feel as if others are pushing you around today, but y... More for Libra 

Bingham bullying is horrible, but not just students get bullied! Where the hell is our miner pride. #keepjaredatbingham

The #Sooners won nine of 10 races in front of their home crowd at the Big 12 Double Dual!  … 

Our Uppermill High Street ice cream hut will be open tomorrow at 11.30am for the first time this… 

By ourselves we're no one. It's when other people look at us and see someone... that's the moment we each start to exist.

NCIX Recommends: Show Off Your Dongles!: Everyone knows dongles are the new POGs. So get the notebook that will let… 

YOOO   THATS IT! DON'T KNOW MORE OF YAL OUT OF TOWN FOLKS MOVE TO #ATLANTA   WE FULL YAL MAKIN OUR BRIDGES COLLAPSE… 

‘You’re A F**king Miserable Person!’ Kellyanne Conway Holds Nothing Back Against Her Worst Enemy 

You're looking forward to taking a break from the serious side... More for Aquarius 

Just waking up. Holy Christ I sleep alot. Anyways expect a vid next week for sure hope everyone understands.

I know it's the Phillies, but Brandon Finnegan has been awesome. Keep your eye on him; he has the potential to be really good.

HER TEAM THINKS OTHERWISE....DELUSIONAL SET OF PEOPLE...EVEN GENEVIEVE FANS WONT ASSUME THIS MUCH !! 

If you hating on me stop it cause I ain't hating on nobody I in competition with nobody I'm just tryna hit a mill

Trying to get organized. Sitting and listening to police sirens, to noises in the hallway. Just sitting there, being quiet.

I have blind spots and maybe this is one of them, because I honestly don't see how it had to devolve to this

Supreme Court could decide if Michigan EM law violates Voting Rights Act  

I've fucking lost it tonight I've got to go 

Ouch! Davido’s brother slammed over belittling comment against alleged third babymama 

Progressed about as much as I expected to. 6 hours in and only 2 bosses left that I have beaten. Then it's a blind run which will be fun.

Just read an article today that says ~50% of Americans got HPV. Share the love   ‍ 

School janitor arrested for sexually abusing 50 children  

will be pleased that Robert Barbaric has won the English Premier Division Player of the Year award. #FMM17

If you've ever played through this, this is fucking halarious 

IF THEY WERE ANTS, I WOULD LET THEM ALL CRAWL OVER AND BITE ME WHEREVER THEY WANT. I WILL NOT COMPLAIN. 

Ousted North Carolina governor still blaming liberals for firestorm over his 'bathroom law' - Raw Story 

Gays that claim they're "not into the scene" are the fucking worst 

And i am so lucky to have you all in my life. All my hardwork and sleepless days are all worth it, it is bcoz to all of you. #5YearswithEXO

#10: The Fast Metabolism Diet: Eat More Food and Lose More Weight  

I also respect the EU Human Rights engagement that's why Im considering a country for residence that will give my protocol a carte Blanche

Be Afraid of Allah SWT God Almighty Anger Wrath and Fury ... for the Dhuluum Injustices you do to others in life! 

i think my cat got lost,goodnight i'm fucking killing myself

Two short story competitions on my to-enter list close at midnight. 'Kate' on my Mac has just read one to me. #amwriting #notabedtimestory

#ManBearPig the super serial, spokesman for #globalwarming, #climatechange, and pedophile #Liberals everywhere! Derp De Ser De derp!

Anthony Tringali, barber who was among business pioneers in Columbia, dies - Baltimore Sun #Baltimore 

Me: "I like the smell of that cleaning product. Is that citrus?" Laura and Jackie: "No that's just bleach." #Oh #ILikeBleach #NoRagrets

I'm retweeting this moment everyday if it's been 24 hours and I haven't done so, assume I'm dead 

He is an extremely gifted film maker! Watching his movies is more of an experience that u will remember forever! SRK ANUSHKA NEXT ON 11 AUG

#ThisWeekInBlackCrime Mudhark's Boyfriend Attacks Police Dog in Domestic Dispute! 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

The Diversity Responsibility Colleges Face Following the 2016 Election  #edchat #k12 

I wanna go back to the weekend of doing nothing with Cody except sleeping, eating and watching movies  

Northern Ireland parties to resume talks to save devolved rule  ^ReutersWorld 

Kiss me beneath the milky twilight Lead me out of the moonlit floor Lift you open hand Strke up the band, and make t 

We're headed for ya Boston! <EMOJI>️ Can't wait to see everyone tomorrow!! #pulsedancefam #pulseontour #boston 

China’s great firewall gives rise to a robust industry of information smugglers 

#chicks fucking guns hollyoaks girls havin sex 

A new notebook isn't truly yours until you have both a halfway profound thought AND a grocery list written in it

Sooooo... this is my Bestie and she is literally one the best human beings. This is just lowkey… 

These Braids Are Coming Down Tonight and I Will Be Back To The Wild Haired Child.. My Hair Needs To Breathe Naturally..

New Google Translate update brings word definitions and easy account switching  you're a f... 

Lmfaooo the Hardy Boyz were the reason my sister stayed getting tossed up in the living room by me and my brother

I think that you are trying to force the role of Yo... — i'm not trying to play yoongi is a god or that he's... 

You won't have a happy life if you worry about what others say about you. KISSES GraceInsideShowbiz

I just threw a string of swears at the tv, the likes of which no one has ever ball sackin' goddamn fucking ass twat seen. #WrestleMania

Liberty Island, NYC - 3 days to go.... Returning to a city that with so much still to… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!  #TreCru 

And not being able to do my fav things like going to the cinemas, people watching, festivals and stargazing

The internet is here! The internet is great! When you've got lots of followers who needs a teammate.. i can do this alone </3

Who dyke ass jawn in my mentions tryna come crazy?    

please tell me this tweet is a fucking joke 

#Tokio #Japan Apr 01 21:00 Temperature 42°F clouds Wind NE 11 km/h Humidity 68% .. 

Rice Bistro on #Yelp: Late on a Sunday after a full day of travel back to DTB and wanted some Thai. Read the review… 

Lower-case appliance showroom hhgregg has until Friday to find a buyer, or it will liquidate. 

Like there's literally nothing it could have done to them, yet they are shook to their core. V territorial ESP about their window.

Looool,have you been watching us this season? Has cost us more games than any other player this season. Has he play… 

Talamabout going to dates with your filters. No wonder that nigga was disappointed        

London's transport body TfL wants to encourage more diversity in advertising on the tube  

Omfg I've never been so scared in my life just opened my bin lid and there was a massive RAT sat inside!   

That rain is fucking Na up I don't even wanna get up  

Sent lab news. Upcoming papers: IJSEKE (SCIE), CHASE collocated with ICSE, ICIS (CORE Rank C). Scheduled submissions: 8 journals, 15 conf.

This sounds like a fantastic way to spend some time even if you get fingers like prunes   #VPShome 

They did it! High silver and first place for their small group:) That trophy is well deserved!… 

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

Start your week with cocktails! Join us today from 4pm and enjoy two great cocktails for just £10… 

Brexit kicked off yesterday! How will this impact Scotland's bid for independence?  

I fucked my girlfriend's pussy 

I hate when people text me using some irregular ass lingo  

Can You Guess What Disgusting Item This Guy Found In A Jam Jar? This Is Wrong 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

Regardless of which side of the law, all children need to be protected #JuvenileJustice #extrajudicialkillings 

Why don't you agree with the Chinese team to participate in, this is discrimination against Chinese?

My bitch told me I'm mean and evil but I'm blunted

Exclusive: Rohingya rebel leader challenges Myanmar's Suu Kyi, vows to fight on 

Exploring the idea of democracy in Year One this afternoon as part of British Values week. 

Many employee problems fall under a handful of causes. Here are the seven most common:  #management #leadership

How is gozzing in the street a thing? Noone wants to see or hear your filthy bronchial mucus slapped onto the pavement you dirty get.

Hahhahaha..nf2..and he was telling his school mate ba ntse ko morago game in a combi..it was so sad      

Amazing how #labor and #liberals point the finger at the independents for their failures for not getting on with the job of governing #pmlive

Death Of Cop Being Investigated | Man Impersonating Immigration Official Sentenced | Pet Of The Week 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Folks can say what they like about me, but they CAN'T say my views, the fruits of MY considerations AIN'T mine ~ #CriticalThinking

Biological Removal of Malachite Green and Congo red by Some Filamentous Fungi  ReseachBib

"We would leave with every authority to pursue institutional insurance isn't a drug focus on the supply crisis", said Ed Baker to Kim Jens.

Studying to creating cause I fucking hate school. 

Chelsea Video: Eden Hazard's 2nd goal comes on PK rebound much to the delight of Antonio Conte (ESPN) … 

Digitant Consulting is placed in Top 20 for the most viewed writers in SEO  #INBOUND #MKT #MARKETING #MKTG

Baby fussy. I'm hungry. Everyone else either out to breakfast or asleep. I swear I have grown to fucking hate the weekend.

i asked my brother if he had work today and he said no then I said oh why were u at work then and he said he was workin......

Grote tieten sletterig cougar fucked door stud 

It's the first pub crawl I can legally participate in and I have to go home to do an insurance claim.. FUCK

Rap is a way to express how your life is and what you feel, not for you to alk about your petty ways of life and women

me: hannah how did you burn your hand? hannah: oh i was just trying to get fish sticks out of the oven

6pm: Light Snow and Blowing Snow -1.4C - Feels: -11C - Wind: NNE 56km/h Gusts to 88km/h - Bar: 99.5 kPa v - Hum: 95% #Gander #Weather

how i thought i explained cartesian dualism and his arguments for the existence of god to people vs. how i actually e… 

You gotta let this play on surround sound while she do all the nasty stuff she been practicing.   

Imagine how happy and totally proud Selena is feeling right now she was afraid to see people's reaction that's pretty normal

Yesterday #RCB dropped Yuvi...dropped the match. #MI dropped Smith and Dhoni...dropped the match. #RPSvMI #IPL

09:00:00 T:39.5° H:62% B:30.318" Solar:415 W/m2 Precip:0.00" P-rate:0.00"/hr. Wind:1.0 WChill:39.5° Mostly clear with little temperature ch

Don't exercise your freedom of speech until you have exercised your freedom of thought. - Tim Fargo #quote

So excited to bring back the information I have learned at the EdTech Summit to our system! #oneLC #edtechteam

Civilization Revolution nu backwards compatible op Xbox One (Nieuws) | (InsideGamer) 

Fucking jasmine masters is my queen 

#MobileMonday spotlight: Mapping the rise of mobile technology for social good:  

Paul Ryan Quashes Hope For Quick Second Try At Healthcare Bill  #Banking #Finance

Dude sneakily tapes his friend fucking his gf 

I literally didn't even plan to live this long enough to experience aftershocks , I'm so scared of losing important things in my life 

watches prompto die to a fucking baby chicken four times in a row

Seeing both sides of an argument is not a new dilemma for most... More for Libra 

How beautiful to watch Perez go off the deep end   So interesting to see the dems reaction when the jig is up and ALL their lies r revealed 

The Other Guys Launches Linda Brown Interactive Story on iOS Digital entertainment company The Other Guys announce 

Apparently, Barry Manilow came out of the closet today. Next thing you know, someone is going to claim that Tobias Funke is gay.

#ThingsMoreTrustedThanTrump That advertisement saying that you're "today's lucky winner" and you got a free cruise for visiting their site.

This all comes from muslim influenced rhetoric. And "Let's protest anything we know nothing about because protestin… 

"I've learned ... that life is like a roll of toilet paper. The closer it gets to the end, the faster it goes." - Andy Rooney

My day went from bad, to worst, to man fuck this shit!

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

20 tweeps followed me in the past day. Feels great! Do you also want to feel awesome? Check out 

2003 Harley-Davidson Touring 2003 Harley Davidson Road King Classic  

Back in the office today after spending yesterday learning useful techniques for supporting managers' evidence/info needs

American crocodile run over, killed in the Florida Keys  

The first time I lived in the city I moved in with my girlfriend then we got a house together that was the BIGGEST mistake ever.

MAY 7 // GEN AD AS OF 12:01AM idk about may 6 bc the page for may 6 went down???? idk 

⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀ ⠀⠀ My youth my youth is yours Tripping on skies, sipping waterfalls —… 

Bloody hell I'm tired but still watching #wrestlemania #carnies

^ Glenrothes + | Glenrothes 1990 23 Year Old (SMWS 30.81 – A Baker's Delight)  #Fife

No lie, drawing wrestlers really helped me out in figuring out how to draw different body types! <3 

Crazy Tickle Horror And Handjob 

I hate bartenders with shitty ass attitude , they get tf on my nerves <EMOJI>️

Greetings from all of us on #BJPSthapanaDiwas. Celebrated with our karyakartas of Kotkhai. We affirm to build Ek Bh… 

Vibrant green against the dark black rally make this pleasure sign really special... just need lights now! #bespoke 

After My Family's Raucous Passover Meals, We Used to Escape to the Ringling Bros. and Barnum and Bailey Circus in Far Rockaway, Brooklyn: …

No freaking way! I fucking want that   

advance happiest birthday to my ultimate crush no more long msgs u know naman how much i love you enjoy ur day have… 

Business Insider Is Wading Into the Crowded Pool of News Programming With a Streaming Show 

People Are Furious After Noticing Mess On The Floor In Background Of Girl’s Beautiful Selfie 

Mayhaps next time you'll think twice before voting for a guy who continually lies and contradicts himself. 

Me when I ask my personal friends out: yo lets hang Me when I ask my friends via mark out: ive got break this week too...should hang...??¿¿?

Looks like our sources were right, Tidy Boys were in contact with Pontins but an event opportunity has been turned down.

delete this renjun is 2 you sick fuck 

East shrine, Durga, Built during the reign of Vikramaditya II by Queen Lokamahadevi to commemorate her husband s vic…

Watch Derby County vs Fulham live stream 4/04/2017  #live #stream #watch #online

Did I ever tell you guys that up until the age of 12/13 I thought that oral sex meant talking about sex.

Malam ini, some of FTN street family will be getting these doughnuts. Thanks to our sponsor.… 

 #Pamplona When America joined WWI and became a global power 

omg i propose LinkedIn Stories - show off company culture and gr8 for employee advocacy programmes - what you think… 

Got in my car, minding my business. It's hot outside so I rolled down my windows and turned out of my neighborhood

Marquei como visto How to Get Away with Murder - 3x4 - Don't Tell Annalise  #bancodeseries

Dr.Perkins is the biggest asshole I've ever met at this university .. like I've never met someone so rude and inconsiderate before    

Never forget who was there for you when no one else was   #vsco  #vscofilter #vscoph #vscophile… 

When a freshmen hoe calls u an ugly cunt 

Quote for the night: "my pockets are in my fucking pants"

When I was at CLS, Justice Kagan refused to preside over a Moot based on NCAA v. Christie. We had to draft a new pr… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

REPUBLICAN PARTY EQUALS RUSSIAN PARTY! ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENCY, ILLEGITIMATE AGENDAS! NO TO GORSUCH! PUTIN PUPPETS… 

St Petersburg Metro explosion: 11 killed and 45 injured after blast rips through train on…  

Alif Tree - Forgotten places by Alif Tree RSI JAZZ  #RSI #JAZZ #webplayer 

Today is a great day to do this.... #ThinkBIGSundayWithMarsha #Inspiration #Peace #BeTheChange 

This device will fix your nasty slouching habit over time  

me: (raspy voice from coughing and exhaustion) fuck

Peru floods and now the landslide in Colombia. Go to the Red Cross site to donate. 

why were you fucking at 13? Idk but congratulations   ‍ 

Lightning could get reinforcements against Canadiens (Apr 01, 2017)  

You let my homie cum in your ass while you got a bf but I'm a bad influence . Get outta here

McConnell and the republican Senators have forgot some basic physics... #TrumpRussia 

Makes me sick that someone tried to attack Robbie, after the week he's had, fucking pricks

zoe is doing video indirects which makes ME wanna do video indirects but my voice is Disgusting and i look like ass so

Just bought a bunch of Tupperware and grown up colt thinks it's great but little colt hates how much he's turning into his parents

Philippine lawmaker pushes for Duterte impeachment over ‘defeatist’ China stance 

i'll die before i game you miserable sons of bitches

Trending post: #BBNaija: Look away housemates!! Marvis leads online polls Massively (photo) 

i hate it when fans who don't know krn look at translation and build theories about it when in fact it doesn't mean anything special at all

Just thought, apart from being the only mania match with decent build, is this Big Match John's best Mania feud?

The cutest thing is when you say you're hungry and your teacher starts pulling random granola bars from their desk and offering them to you

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

Podcast To Serve Your Audience - Not Find Your Audience.  

Or the hill could have purchased HC for everyone earning less then ??? Not living at home 

Brutal #Anal #Orgasm makes her pussy flow  #Sex #Porn 

Lawyer for Bill O’Reilly accuser calls for independent investigation into Fox News  

2003 Chasing The Cup UNCUT PANEL Marian Gaborik Jose Theodore  

It was worth Trump beating batshit, neocon warmonger Hillary just for this and this alone 

Walking into Thursday like   Ready for dinner with my girls tonight and finishing this week off… 

#enews24ghanta Dancing With the Stars Results: Who Got the Boot?  Via #enews24ghanta 

like in the beginning of the game i was like she's cute!!! and throughout the whole game i just slowly started to like her less :( :( :(

Again please do not wear black tomorrow for lomsangano. Dress in bright colours..slay actually mtanasekhaya! Then go to work. 

mark rly should have told me that I looked like I got hit by a fucking bus this morning before I allowed civilization to see me  

bobby creekwater fucking up my 

Every time I mention something about eating butt, here he go   he wanna eat my ass bad as hell man, I'm telling y'all

“Our greatest natural resource is the minds of our children.” - Walt Disney  #quote

but its not an official policy supported or sanctioned by the government - get that into your fucking head.

This Disney-Themed Wedding Had A Different Centerpiece For Each Classic Movie 

[Dude]: Well, I guess the fucking nihilist knew where she was. [Walter]: Jesus, Dude! She never even kidnapped hers… 

Hull City vs West Ham team news: Squads revealed, injuries and more ahead of the Premier League clash 

Wedding season is fast approaching, please do remember this quote #instaquote #wisewords… 

XGIRL: theBackwordsRiderShow, Julius Official Fan Page of Julius "Julio" Veal 

Cena proposes to Nikki! Congrats you guys! After a hard fought win, what a way to top it all off! #WrestleMania

#WorldAutismAwarenessDay for one of the many blessings brought into my life<EMOJI>️ much luv for u maxxy… 

Trending high! #PrayForStockholm at number 1. See all images -  

It is amazing how much talent is in the NBA right now. And people say these guys couldnt play in the old days. Neit… 

Her: You're such a dick!  I'm leaving you because you're so cocky!  Me: Close the door on your way back in. 

Republicans trying to change Supreme Court rules after complaining their pick for Scalia's seat was voted out! Republicans are crooked!

stoptheft: "You are my new favorite company. You went beyond expectation." Enterprise #rentalcar #rental #security… 

America's biggest coal miner is making a comeback under Donald Trump   #BSAFunds #MerchantC…

Lingard getting £100k a week , the game's a bogey the money men have destroyed a working men's game.

"Almost called you to ask if you were okay... u were eating A LOT of food on your IG story yday. Are you going through things?" Wow thx   

Stop dropping April Fools' jokes a day early. Now. There's only one way to do an April Fools' prank properly:… 

Chuck Norris rnce urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now knownuas Optimus Prime.

If i meet lauren OR tweet by Lauren i will say YES to her   we gonna be old af by then #Fifthharmony #laurenjauregui

...poor Europe.Who knew there were so many fools there.Proof that one can be book-smart but socially retarded 

#NationalPositions Growth Tactic #60: How to Create Urgency-Use Instagram Stories. Read Blog: 

Okay I know it's lame but when I got this it was an area record that's kinda cool even though I know someone could… 

If you dont have a brown streak running the length of your abdomen after a lapdance then you didnt get your moneys worth

since I never tell lies on April fools I always forget is the pranking day I should probably leave the internet

#onlinebusiness I believe this should surely interest you as well  

They shifted a wire leader with blood, that from the way across the pink swim-bladder like full-blown roses stained and then

I'm going to be stuck as a fucking bitch stickers again.

WEATHER: Today we'll see our temperatures drop off just a bit across the Basin, but our wind speeds will pick up... 

Busty bikini GF fucked on leaked sex video 

12 People Admit To The Stupidest Thing That Has Ever Come Out Of Their Mouth. 

everything is temporary nowadays.. nothing fucking lasts.  

Hon'ble Co-operative Minister Shri Alok Kumar Mehta inaugurating Silver Jubilee Foundation day of Astric Group of C… 

Yayyy film essay slowly coming together (doing it during the ceremony WHICH HAS NOT STARTED YET IT'S SUPPOSED TO START AT 9 IT'S ALR 9.30)

New song up now! Wasted is on #SoundCloud Link in bio! Please listen and share if you like! #Nowplaying 

» BETSEY JOHNSON Bag WALLET SET White QUILTED ROSE Faux Leather Pink BOWS  

Temp: 32.4F W C: 32.4F Wind:--- at 0.0kts Baro: 1029.3mb and Rising slowly Rain today: 0.00in R H: 99% #wvwx

Snakehead whoopie get the hell out of our country already nasty ugly pig 

“You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.” Twilight of the Idols (1888)

Ain't nothin' but a medicnal baby    Two locked out niggas so we're crazy   

#Sports Stadium proposal's defeat likely ends St. Louis' MLS chances -  

Zaid warns Pakatan Harapan against welcoming PAS #HarapanBise2016 #HarapanBise #Harapan2016  

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

#ThankyouTaker ; can't believe it. Seems like yesterday when he made his debut. Met him when I was 8. Lifetime memory.

In the scenes where we see Del and Rodney at Grandad's grave the scene was so emotional that David Jason and Nic Lyndhurst shed real tears

I wear them but i ain't devil heh. Tomorrow is another shoe shopping, guaranteed.  

When she noticed the bruise under her granddaughter's left eye, she sent the photos to the authorities. Then her... 

Please pray for someone to fill in as pastor of Chonta Cruz Church in Ecuador while the Vogans are on home assignme… 

LAST TWEET B4 I BECOME INACTIVE I WAS SO JEALOUS CUZ HARRY POTTER CAN TALK TO SNAKES. I DIDNT EVEN REALIZE IT I WAS TALKING TO THEM

Prudentius, Spain, and Late Antique Christianity - poetry, visual culture, and the cult of martyrs 

Even up close he's perfection. Have you seen Les Mis? Did you like it? Read Hugo's book? THICK. 

We're sorry for the inconvenience, our website is currently unavailable. We are working to resolve the issue.

CONTINUE THE NORTH CAROLINA BOYCOTT!! There is no room for "compromise" when it comes to bigotry! #NorthCarolina #bathroombill

Made some good money on Football Index during the risk-free week. Take advantage of it!    

Breaking a Cleveland State Communications student discovers and effective way to lose weight 

This pupper is so camera shy, but I finally got a picture with her! #dogsofinsta #dogsofinstgram… 

is that what it looks like from the outside cause that's fucking hilarious wow i can never take myself seriously again

Dad Notices Son’s Face Looks Strange, Then Googles His Characteristics And... 

SIGNIFICANT WEATHER ADVISORY FOR WHITE, HARDIN, GALLATIN and SALINE counties until 2:45 PM. Dime size hail possible.

It's funny cause it's true... i mean, it's not cool.. but it's kind of funny.. and maybe kind of true... 

#NCAAF Wire: Westbrook denies chasing stats: 'If I wanted to get 10 assists, I can get 10…  

Ask me some fucking questions for a Q AND A on a fucking roof sluts.

Yes got inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame last night, and my High School Self is finally vindicated on all spiritual levels.

We had another really great day here, seeing all the sights, which included a trip to the world famous Cavern Club… 

What a great idea for the #dog owners! 20% off code: MKSPRING  #dogs #doglovers  #giveaway

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

IM VEGAN AND CNT EVEN TRY THE PIES BUT IM FUCKING MAD ON BEHALF OF CARNIST THEATER FANS WORLDWIDE

going on down, into the moist guts of the earth, taking in and thinking, eating every day. MAYWARD ForUnisilverTime

TIL: There are only 3 modern city-states in our world. Singapore, Monaco and Vatican City. 

What do many lone attackers have in common? Domestic violence | Hadley Freeman 

i would fucking cry #hatebirds 

Message to Freedom Caucus... Crucible, and then the Senate had made Tissaphernes more friendly to you. SAD. #MAGA #FakeNews

"A group of over 70 divers who are trained in search and recovery will also bring 18 ribs to join the search as... 

Note to myself: "Don't study too hard, don't push yourself too much, you need a break. Go scroll your twitter and spazz over chanbaek."

#Hyères #footjob throat #sexo #uniforms #planq #incall #chatroom blowjob #kikhorny #dirty 

Top Digital Marketing Examples and Lessons You Can Apply to Your Own Advertising Strategy  

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Had Humble on all day and didn't think to dissect it. It's art to me. I was mesmerized by the video. *shrugs*

I'll forever and always be a Cardinals Baseball fan. Nothing will ever change that. #CardinalsNation

Dell XPS 13.3" Full HD Anti-Glare InfinityEdge Touch Notebook Intel Core i5-7200  

#Moda The Walking Dead's Sonequa Martin-Green Says the Finale "Just Felt So Right" 

VIDEO : Ingraham Blasts the Liberal Media for Not Covering Susan Rice Story  

Boys 3,200 relay — 1. Assumption (Grubbs, Guise, Brandt, Rolfstad) 8:38.32; 2. Dubuque Hempstead, 9:01.11; 3. Rochelle, 9:30.61 #iahstrk

PEOPLE OUT HERE LITERALLY WAITING FOR A MIRACLE, WHILE MOST OF US HAD TO BECOME OUR OWN MIRACLE!!! WE WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO RELATE!!!

Bareback Papa Ours Getting Fucked 

Music video otw tag some bad bitches who trana get in

one non-native species eradicating another in Puerto Rico #tropicaldryforest 

i really don't get why people hate rs lol you guys ... — just for being ourselves 

I asked my father to let me hold $5 and this nigga pulls out a fucking stack   

Gee, I wonder how they knew? Maybe the same way the Russians were able to make a statement about the missile strike… 

Remember when rightwingers threw a temper tantrum because Pres.Obama put his feet up on his desk and they called it "unpresidential"? LOFL!

Can u be my Tristan, i'll be your Andi. Can u be my Rage, i'll be your Sunshine. Oh i forgot, i gotta face the reality im no fictional.

Demand action on air #pollution NOW - clean up Europe’s toxic #coal smog! #darkcloud 

People in your immediate environment may be the cause of emoti... More for Capricorn 

when you find out tony romo is retiring and the texans are fucked next year... 

I'm at leatherbys and I just hear "I JUST LOVE SUCKING DICK AND I WILL NEVER STOP" from the person sitting next to me... at my table

#sex in college parties getting anal fucked 

#electric sex video sex videos with fucking 

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

If you're in your late teens or early 20's you need to realize how precious time is, don't waste it, better yourself everyday 

I'm playing chicken scream and making weird ass noises and this lady 3 cars over is just staring at me

#NowPlaying Blackjack by Albert Collins, Robert Cray, Johnny Copeland mark 2:44 Mr. Robert Cray! ♫ 

I just now browsed at the Scorpio specs. Microsoft can make awesome hardware, but maaaan still no software.

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

Hi the Time is 04:23, the Temp is 23.06 Celsius and the Pressure is 1014.92 MB 

Everyone's here. People far and near so though you're alone, you're not the only one Watanuki._Mokona Modoki_

Fucking done with people I need a dog to cuddle asap

I fucked up and didn't bring my gym things.   ‍  ‍  ‍  ‍  ‍  ‍  ‍  ‍

wowowowowowow i literally get so tired of my sleep mask slipping off bc my bonet so silky. i'm finna cry   

I hate seeing people who are on a team already, but they tweet out saying "i'm going to grind for ____".

I don't work til 4 I got time fam you fake mad bitches on the tl so hurt over what Kendrick said

Starbucks to test mobile order and pay-only store at headquarters  #companynews

There's nothing more life-changing than becoming a parent. How flexible have you been in your career planning to ac… 

I hope they are able to repair Whitehaven Beach in the Whitsundays. I was there in November and it's beautiful 

"only white presidents are truly in a space to enact real change for minority communities" 

We've had a great time with everyone at #SED17 - Bringing it all to a close with one last keynote today.

#Top1 at The Wireless is ♫ Culture Club - Do You Really Want to Hurt Me ♫ #bestof #music 

You thinking wrong if you think you gone get a reaction out of me by talking to or fucking my bd  ‍

A simple skeleton for quick starting MEAN apps. Follows MVC structure and best practices. Contains session based a… 

Watch What Ivanka Was Just Caught Doing The Second She Stepped Off Air Force One That Left Everyone STUNNED!… 

When your neighbs brings you brunch       #kittypak #gaystreet #neighborhood #columbuslove… 

Stop thinking they have to prove they self when they fucking with a community ass nigga Issa shooter

Jizz hungry bitches sucking and fucking 

Afrojack and Xexer Night Fest episode 04 (Electro Mix) OUT NOW  

Well going to the fair all day today but will be at school taking my CNA test tomorrow I really hope I pass and become CNA certified

She Nudged Her Boyfriend to Stop 'Grunting' in His Sleep. Then She Realized They Were His Last Breaths. 

I wasn't joking earlier. If you have old £ coins after the new one is released, donate them to charity at StAnne'sNorthampton #PoundForPound

Helix House Digital Advertising Unveils 3 Keys for Scaling a Business  

Russian deception influenced election due to Trump's support, senators hear  #worldnews #ukraine

"I don't care if you have to e Pablo Escobar or a porn star, I need to have a fucking yacht"

RT if you have been called Ugly Fat Worthless Cunt Bitch Fag Slut A KBOO Brat Whore Emo Freak Lezbo Nerd Monster Etc..

I be seeing funny ass tweets and wanting to send them to oomf but then I remember we don't have that kinda friendship so ...

tryna decide if my fatal flaw is caring about everyone too much ? maybe it's just my obsession with sour patch kids

Lucas and I working on flash cards/ reading his book on Saturday morning. He wants to read and do flashcards! Thank… 

Novel 1H NMR relaxometry methods to study the proton distribution and water migration properties of tobacco: Anal.… 

Re: Buhari Launches Economic Recovery Plan…If This Is Pursued With The Same Commitment As…  

Put fucking Kanter in man Steve Adam's pissing me off

#Environmental MIA named top airport in North America for environmental management Travel Daily…… 

 Pitch me a Hack n' Slash RPG for VR. How would basic combat work? What would the movement system be like? How wou…

Fastest growing skin care brand in Canada aye! Australia is next!!! #FaceToFace 

Tomahawk missile: Here is all you want to know about one of US’s deadly weapons 

Missing teen"s father seeks to depose witnesses in hopes of finding daughter.  

JOKE: What do you have when a lawyer is buried up to his neck in sand? Not enough sand. 

Fuck it?! All aboard the mother fucking crazy train! 

Suspect Dressed in Black Allegedly Kicks in Marine Veteran's Door, Does Not Live to Tell 

What can you do to help make a difference in the lives of people in Africa? Support  and the work being done!

Tomi Lahren Says She Was Fired From andquot;The Blazeandquot; And Is Now Suing Glenn Beck 

Imagine you're a wee 14 y/o playing Star Wars Battlefront on a Saturday night and some red wine fuelled 35 y/o married dad keeps killing you

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

hey BLOODSTOCKFEST, you may want to check  for latest updates on #BLOODSTOCKFEST   

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

when you both know yall love each other but it's over. Too much ugly in the Past to have a beautiful Future.

But I mean maybe u want to be a superstars cum catcher and that's cool I guess cuz I'd catch amber roses juices any day     ‍

Don't ask me how but my 7+ literally just fucking melted.... I'm so mad. 

From #Ridley see what places you can explore around #Hexham at   

There's still time to submit your talk for Midwest UX Cincinatti - deadline is Apr 16  #UX

Note to note to self: I just reread my essay....I don't know but I think Microsoft Word fucked me over with auto correct...ffs..

this nasty bitch squirting on my dick 

Why do I have to wait till fucking September, Like OMG I has become my life! Oh fucking grrrrrrrrrrr (not talking about destiny)

Lord, as we stand helpless in the PHIVOLCS news release on possible intensity 8 Earthquake in Luzon, we implore... 

I've had such negative thoughts lately, I really need to be more positive think positive and do positive  

Just another example of the rampant #Antisemitism within #Bluehand. #BluehandLies #BluehandFamily 

Gotta love the strange people of the Internet. Someone for know reason whatsoever that I've never even... 

Nobody needs help saying, "This is a lot of trouble and I will abandon it." That is literally the easiest conclusion to reach.

Wife Tied to The Bed and Fucked By Her Girlfriend 

Can you spot the terrible photoshop mistakes in these pictures? It isn't as hard as you think. 

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive Profile: Those who follow their dreams!  #TreCru 

She's not interested in their opinion. She doesn't want their advice. She's not doing this for… 

Great Sunday Morning Ninja Tribe !!!!----BOOM !!!! Shaka-Laka !!!!----Doing the " THING " and Driving the Dream... 

But that's BORING! You got me all worked up for this cool save-the-world adventure! You can't just say "nevermind, let's go home!"

Someone added me on snap and I thought I knew who the person was, but because of filter I haven't been able to recognize her...

A$AP Rocky Fashion Decision Fuels Kendall Jenner Dating Rumors  

"Toby has been cruising for a bruising for 12 years, and now I'm the cruise director and my name is captain bruising" fucking gold

#Coachella Weekend 2 GA ticket with shuttle pass for sale #Coachella2017 #CoachellaTicket #CoachellaWeekend2

See my letter to MPs following two year anniversary since #ModernSlavery Act receives Royal Assent: 

Home meaning to heaven with our lordt and savior Cheezus Cries who is black and a woman* 

#DYK #Norway is world's top whaling nation? Norway will slaughter 999 Minke #whales in 2017: 

oooo do they know we have opinions to and know logic too. and can we say something that they know is right without be… 

Drones Classes and Workshops: Processing UAV Imagery with a GIS - Commercial UAV News | DroneGames -  #drones

when me and my dad are beefin he really be getting under my skin... Like just by doing the simplest shit  

I survived 0m 05s and got a score of 43 in Agar.io! Can you do better? Come and play! 

Nothing is holding back your imagination now, freeing you to e... More for Aquarius 

With the High quality Bed cushion one can Enhance your back  

What We're Reading: DWD offers thousands of apprenticeships throughout state 

I hope the guy on the phone knows Allah can see him and the rope awaits even if it is Paris - bloody hell 

Thanks Celebrity TV Chef Tom Kitchen for joining us talking about the mircowave turing 70yr. for more infomation 

Pound and euro pressured by #Brexit fear as Asian shares...  #poundtoeuro #poundtoeuro

I'm more stressed than I ever have been and some days it's really hard to even do anything because I don't even see the point

LRT: some discourse on #TDoV: I’m visible for other trans persons, but also because I can be. (most of the time) I have that privilege.

Creative possibilities are blossoming all around you today. Bu... More for Virgo 

Spice up your lobster roll with avocados! You’ll be so glad that you did. Check out the recipe! #AFMsweepstakes -… 

NYET!!! Fuck off or move to Russia!! Ahh, but Putin would run circles around this clown, PR ha e him thrown off a... 

Discussing the benefits of inclusive fitness training for individuals with exceptional abilities #powerofplay2017 

Delingpole: Al Gore – Global Warming Is Real Because…Production Values :  

Sanjay Verma Received the International Excellence Award by Actress Shilpa Shetty  

Tonight, we revisit Jasmine, Aladdin and Ariel! Make sure to pop some popcorn, grab some drinks and settle down... 

Bless Online VS Revelation Online (PVE, PVP, Open World, Cosmetics, QoL) Review and Comparison  #makeup

Southland Tales always gets a passing mention as a mistake of a film. But it is THE BEST!!! In my top 10 for sure. 

Stand for something. Custom box built by: High-tech (John V.) #timetodesign #customsoapbox… 

PRESS RELEASE » NCPA Supports House Bill Improving Pharmacy Choice for Seniors in Part D Plans   #Opines on #Health…

EXCLUSIVE! Alex Rodriguez Tells Us: ‘My Favorite Thing To Do Is Spend Time With My Daughters!’… 

EU TO MT FELIZZ VSFFF HARDY FUCKING BOYZZZZ #wrestlemania

The worst part is you know that kid being slapped went home and acted like nothing was happening. Because he doesn'… 

Description: I-66 at MM 54.5 - County of Fairfax, potential delays - - disabled vehicle. The EB right shoulder is closed. Last updated: Sat…

Weezing 46.7% (5/11/5) Tackle/Dark Pulse [Morningside] 5101 Sergeant Rd 51106 09:14:16pm (29m 0s) 

I actually had a dream about the new MST3K coming out soon. If this dream is correct, there's gonna be a new robot on the show named "Pussy"

I can't change U but U can change me. If U want profession, U should be a professional. #forieg #formyjob 

#Breaking News: The Senate Intel. Committee Just Rejected Flynn’s Pleas For Immunity 

Maytham Aly is now following  We Love our Fans Thank you 

Click here to watch the movie:  Reality milf Sara Jay is fucking with one of her students 

The very mean and turbulent Delaware after days of rain. Water level is the highest it's been… 

7 new tweeps followed me in the last day. I find relevant people to follow with the #CopyFollowers feature of 

How many evil acts can you justify in hopes that the outcomes of said acts will add to the greater good? #amwriting #screenwriting #scifi

Lagos raises alarm over increasing rate of suicide - Vanguard Newspaper -  

Check out Big Block director, Jonathan Zames’ fun work for att to cure those #Monday… 

If aamir doesnt accept the awards means it doesnt he is eligible to awards,seems like national award jury panel was set up #Dangal#

We bring you the latest Barcelona News. More news and story's on  

cos i feel that way and i just came to a realisation point whereby, why do i constantly give in to this kind of negativity?

Your holiday redefined by outdoor art: Kagga Kamma, South Africa  

My dad just tried to prank me by saying my chemistry teacher whO I HAVE A MUTUAL HATRED FOR needs me to phone her about something urgent...

You can tell a mf something till you blue in the face they still only gonna hear what they wanna hear lmao

Not only does this atrium provide more privacy than a backyard, the natural light and 360 outdoor views is amazing! 

Popped the baby down for a nap and pottered out to plant some peas. Accidentally attacked the garden big time and now I can barely walk. Ouch!

It finally got to that point where I don't need two blankets anymore, but if I sleep with just one it's too cold

The one direction fandom is literally fucked in the head aka its home

Some Helpful Considerations On Major Details Of Mortgage Broker  

Global Companion Animal Vaccines Market By Analysis of Major Industry Segments 2016 – 2024 

being a colored male has its advantages bc typically in the last person someone wants to share a seat with on the train   

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

trade not aid trade not aid trade not aid trade not aid trade not aid trade not aid trade not aid trade not aid trade not aid trade not aid

Like be real , how can you hate meeeee  . I'm always smiling spreading positivity 

#Gators take the field. Looks like the first team offense and defense is in orange. 2nd team in blue. QBs and specialists in all white.

This is worse than DIVORCE! Did countries have prenup if EU didn't work out? Was huge AFRICA ME immigration part of… 

Tbh 13 Reasons Why fucked me up and I still haven't recovered   

But on base/housing you gotta wear a helmet, knee pads and elbow pads   catch me out here looking nerdy as hell

IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!! #Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 217.147.48.52 

Love is a medicine for any kind of wound, but there is no medicine for a wound given by love. TANNER KCCGenSanSoon TMI

Telecommunication Engineer Lead, Senior - Booz Allen Hamilton - Annapolis Junction, MD - 

i feel weird whenever an acquaintance suddenly likes one of the grps i like / rts something related to them........

WE GOT SONGS ABOUT LIFE! WE GOT SONGS ABOUT DEATH! WE GOT A NEW ALBUM ABUT LOVE! 

I'm about to need another fuckin bandaid from cuttin my shit trynna be extra w the first one 

#python articlemetaapi 1.11.16: Library that implements the endpoints of the ArticleMeta API  

VIDEO : Top Democrat Actually Believes “RUSSIANS” Made Hillary Lose WI, MI, and PA 

You are a force to be reckoned with wherever you go now, and ... More for Aries 

Feeling bad for the plasterers at the North America's Building Trades Unions National Legislative Conference today.

when you make breaded chicken tenders you literally bathe the chicken in their children for the bread crumbs to stick bro what the fuck

Why is it the people with the most screwed up lives think they are the ones to give advice to others!

The Role of Dietary Inflammatory Index in Cardiovascular Disease, Metabolic Syndrome and Mortality.  #Obesity

I sadly can't watch live concert of BTS in jakarta,just because I'm not able to I can only watch her through the vidio.   

Someone put a relaxer in my child's beautiful hair without permission and welp. Guess who may end up in jail? 

....but....if...i....do....that.....shit....its.....not....ok....but...its..OK...if..YIU FUCKING DO IT

like ppl on there seem to fucking froth at the mouth when a chance arises to tear down an indie artist, especially women, especially lgbtq

Can't Pay Your Car Loan? Here's What to Do So You Don't Default  

#Buzz The #DanielCraig Collection ( Blu-ray )  #JamesBond 

#vwsn_PhoenixMiddle 2017-04-07 16:30:00 temperature, count=60, low=7.49 C, average=7.74+/-0.09 C, high=7.85 C

Deep dark brown, fading head. Malty, nutty, ripe fruits on nos... (Imperial Doughnut Break)  #photo

People who are no longer relevant to your life that continue to try still make their way in somehow. Cut it out ay lol. Ship has sailed.

Swimming: Magnussen chooses Commonwealth Games over world championships: MELBOURNE…  #fitness #workout #health #gym

the US has been bombing the shit out of Syria so much over the past year that we ran out of bombs. enough with the… 

Shld be privacy also for family members, children...What is gained going after people's family? Nothing newsworthy. 

#hardcore porn mags beauty fucked pic nonbengali girl 

The Attorney General's submissions in Re Day addressed FF's second candidate, Lucy Gichuhi's citizenship… 

This Noisy ass Nigga smh. I'm over here on the phone and this weirdo gon stand by my door and listen smh I'm not saying shit no more

Financial Suffer No More!!!    Visit this site ====>  #mydream100 #FinancialFreedom… 

#CabinetReshufle President Jacob Zuma has proven that he is not running the country according to the market

What really is #AI? Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg can't agree  

If You Need A Reason To Smile Today, Look At This Mom's Instagram Dedicated To Her Identical Triplets 

Brad And Angelina?s Former Bodyguard Spills Their Biggest Fear!  #Celebrities ?

Welp I can be dumped in the meme trash now. Oh well, happy April Fools day, guys. 

Putin Splits Russia From International Banking Cartel – Ditching Dollar For Gold  #WRH

Good News for the future democratic Bangladesh who they are waiting for the Light at the End of the Tunnel. 

Fantast Meat Thermometer and Timer, from IKEA,pre owned  

I need a trip out da country   roll up a blunt of the palm trees   this fuckin city is boring   I'm tryna hop outta foreign   

If Kyle Rayner got a tv show, and the 1st season has 20 episodes, how long do u think Alex, his gf, will last until she gets "fridged?" #poll

Move from process efficiency to business transformation with our #IoT Maturity Framework. Here's how! 

In this PCWORLD, April fools jokes are off limits. Don't you dare hurt someone feelings. *Eye roll so hard I can see my brain*

SOCCER: Cruz Azul 1, Veracruz 1, 2nd Half - 81' - RUWTbot added 5 roots (Close Finish) 

After U.S. attack on Syria, Damascus claims civilian casualties and Russia vows to beef up defenses 

I asked my lil sister if she needed help with her homework and this was the reply all the love x 

There is nothing like getting to know twitter friends better via late night conversations. I love all you crazy folks #BravesFam #ChopOn

TY Beanie Baby - LITTLE FEATHER the Bear (7 inch) - MWMTs Stuffed Animal Toy  

but I dont necessarily care for jewelry right now either cuz fuck wearing it, One day ill be designing it

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at a shadowy criminal empire!  #TreCru 

Here are some health benefits of playing #VideoGames. You must include them In your daily routine… 

And he still fucking smoked ALL my fucking weed w his stupid friends I am SO FUCKING PISSED. The onneeee thing I've been waiting for all day

Apple-Repair-London Adobe's Research Team Demos Tech That Could Transform Selfie Photography 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

Drop down, turn around, baby show you like this Won't find another one to ride it like a soldier like this.

My favorite part is how Trump inspires zero loyalty. So you know everyone is going to roll on everyone else.

Justice for Bud- cruel students lit up fire crackers in his mouth! Plz sign:  

Kids club. I wish I was a kid again! #enjoy #kidspool #welcome #parentshappy 

this april fools day we got the premier of SNK S2 a S3 trailer for voltron and a stream w ALL of rick and morty S3 i'm gonna fucking bust a

Lil Uzi: YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH Me: MY BITCH SHE BAD TO THE BONE 

On god I ain't never wanna plex with lil bro them at all I ain't scared to squabble nobody I just refuse to fight a nigga I had love 4  

California Senator Forced To Pull Bill Banning "Fake News" After Realizing It's Idiotic | Zero Hedge 

The historic city of Zabid has not survived the Saudi aggression fires. #2YearsOfWarOnYemen 

When Obama ji gets injured while playing #PittuGaram with Rahul ji using Detonators, Michelle bhabi says "Make in… 

What a rich person! Mind you— there are "wealthy" ppl who r never content andsatisfied— not sure if that's a "rich li… 

Devin Nunes’ Replacements Aren’t Exactly Eager To Investigate Trump-Russia Ties Either 

On the set of "The General", 1926 with #MarionMack and Buster Keaton. #BusterLove #botd 

Stop expressing to everyone. Choose wisely. Most of them don't listen  . They judge. 

h8r: ugh, fuck wesley!!   me: MAN , I'M TRYING      

Bad Bunny Ft Arcangel, Bryant Myers, Almighty, Noriel, Brytiago Y Baby Rasta and Gringo – Me Mata (Video Oficial) 

facing a long night ahead - have lots of work-related reading to get through in prep for a report - bedtime end of newsnight at earliest

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Surely they to themselves are foes, who 'gainst My Words Rebel: And they who My Instructions hate, Do Count The Road To Hell. Selah..._

We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: STORE MANAGER CANDIDATE in Augusta GA -… 

Girls be like: I'm scared to double text. Me: if you don't answer I'm gonna text you once a minute.

"Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent." Billy Graham

you fucking drive me crazy.....are you attached? 

I don't know what's more disturbing the weather or the state of the world #both #sometimesitsnowsinapril #signofthetimes  

Today's Bible Verse: As God's chosen ones, holy and beloved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness,... 

Where do I even begin, beside Happy Birthday Big Bro! Chuck Duffey for as long as I can you… 

Slave missy gets fucked by Master John 

CHRISTY FUCKING HEMME IS THERE I AM EMO DO NOT SPEAK TO ME I AM OUTTA HERE!!!!!

fucking fav i drew that when i was 13 and they posted a shitty jpeggy ver of it 

Distance in relationship can cause you miss someone so much. It helps to realize how much that person means.

The best #pop #rock #dance in the world #np R3hab - Headhunterz - Won't Stop Rocking 

I got players with bad watches - they can't tell midnight from noon cuz never settle! #OnePlus3T #OnePlus #Oneplusafterdark

Haha... tho I did read bits of Elephant Vanishes earlier while cleaning up because it's a new month, the chapter starts w/ April, why not!

#MAGA #RedHat trumpkins are bringing back #Benghazi. How about y'all STFU?  

oh knowing her it's gonna be that fuckin bad. trust me, lady troll is a fuckin trick. 

i cant even chall him because he boots and stresses ips. fucking no life

Cocksucking and ass fucking is what these domina are into 

PM at the 80th anniversary celebrations of the Brahma Kumaris family via video conferencing via NMApp

Wind 1,4 m/s WSW. Barometer 1004,6 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 5,8 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 98%

Well the moonlandingz was the biggest fucking disappointment 45 minute set ooh you're pushing it a bit there guys

Being beyond pissed off when you're ill is the worst 

Just completed a couple of the hardest training sessions to date, the QandA sessions were especially tricky, big than… 

The Rise of the Minaret – French Town Sees Sixth Mosque Near Completion  

Bali to get new underpass before IMF meeting - Jakarta Post  #bali #balitoday

- you're safe, sweet boy. He kisses his cheek, then his dirtied knuckles, holding his hand as he tugs him along.

At work we got a new CD and they're playing so much Diana. I'm in love. AND THEY PLAYED REMEMBER THE TIME, AN MJ SONG ABOUT DIANA ROSS

Owens vs. Jericho is one of the most intense, one of the most longest built matches on this #Wrestlemania card. It shouldn't be on 2nd.

Somewhere in Gorilla position, Vince is now cussing up a blue storm because Shane just chucked the commentators' scripts. #WrestleMania #WWE

Like father like daughter: Ivanka Trump's failed Planned Parenthood 'outreach' 

HOYYYY 2nd pic fucked meeee uppppo lollll 

Dude your leg is fucking wrecked. #wonderwoman 

I'm a Bristol incomer. This confirms I'm in the right place  'Banksy of punctuation' puts full stop to bad grammar

#pussylicking anale #nudeteens spit #milfseekers #swallows milf000 -->  

It's an all-too-familiar lesson for you Archers: more of a goo... More for Sagittarius 

Purgatory — the waiting-place where the dead await judgment — turns out to have plumbing, bodegas, and a courthouse. 

Revamped Mac Pro to Address Current Model's Shortcomings in VR and High-End Cinema ...  #VR

Me during the day: here's an indepth metaphysical analysis of mx Me past 10 pm: hyungwon is a bunch of gnomes and kihyuns a gremlin

Winter winds tend to leave your skin dried out and cracked. During spring #moisturising is absolutely essential to help your #skin recover.

What i wanna know is how many people have a crying Jordan meme tweet ready in their drafts right now? Like a billionty?

Somebody, Push me on a #dick, please ! meet me here  

Ju pantera brazilian slut fucked in swimsuit by assmaniac 

I think I piss everyone off when I get in a lift and press 'floor 1' lol sorry I can't walk one flight of stairs  

Downtown St. Louis Luxury Communities Land $26M Financing - Multi-Housing News  

You might be puzzled today when you realize that your plans ar... More for Aries 

I'm surrounded bye nothing but bad bitches and A   tonight

WHAT A FUCKING COCKTEASE, BIOWARE 

Yo this movie fucked me up as a kid and this one looks creepy too 

goodnight someone dm me something rlly nice and sweet for me to wake up to bc im always down in the morning LOVE YA BYE ;)

this is so fuckign bad holy hell 

homemade fucking cheating videos 

You could work with such a passionate intent today that you in... More for Pisces 

I really and truly just don't know anymore or do I really know and just don't know how to deal with it all??

You think fucking with these bitches suppose to keep me around    ‍ ?

Rita Dominic Glows In Velvet For Betty Irabor’s 60th Birthday  

I feel bad for some of you hoes mamas! They did not raise u to be the hoe you are today!!   ‍

"Therefore, we are ambassadors for Christ, God making His appeal through us. We implore you on behalf of Christ, be reconciled to God."2Cor5

He was always a swamp monster you idiot 

Bracket update! It's Sausage Madness... who is going to win? Hot Italian or Bratwurst? 

MY BROTHER IN LAW IS IN THE ARMY IF MY NIECES ENDED UP LOSING THEIR FATHER OVER THIS IK SO FUCKING DONE

Reason number 15: she's wasting her data for me as i fucking type these omg

And imma make sure to sleep at 9pm on thursday so ion have to see her, and on the weekend im jusg gonna go study at the library

people will find any reason to drink shits mad annoying

Absolutely barbaric. It should be rising in the modern Western world. This is purely because of #Conservative cuts… 

And anybody that know me personally know i actually be tryna make this shit work with her,but shit just sad.

I like dark circles under your eyes, a pudgy tummy, and a gap in your teeth. Those imperfections are what make me love you the most

Unmasking and disseminating raw Intel for political gain is NOT a legitimate function of Nat.Sec.Advisor 

Heads up ! Da van will be providing koko at BPS in Tsholofelo on Saturday 12-1800. It will also be in support if... 

Caribbean360: The development followed several months of intelligence sharing. 

If this was any of us during work, and receiving her salary, we'd be getting a pink slip. 

My mom be so worried about if mfs married or not every time I tell her someone is pregnant first thing is "does she have a husband"  

Oh and don't get me started on views. It's my pet fucking peeve when people send me snapchat profiles to add. I don't care about views.

Horny redhead is fucked by her lover with her hubby in the room 

I reached my goal of 10,000 steps every day of the Workweek Hustle challenge! #Fitbit 

If you worry about yesterday's failures, then today's successes will be few. - Anonymous YASNER MOST REQUESTED

Ricegum used Portland for his diss track and I just want to fucking kill myself

Warren Buffett, "I could end the deficit in 5 minutes," he told CNBC. "You just pass a law that says that... 

Be happy. Be who you wanna be. If others don't like it, then let them be. Happiness is a choice. Life isn't about pleasing everybody.

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

Free Online Course on Disability Diversity and Inclusion - 2017 2018   #scholarship

4 people followed me and 15 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Found a Transponder Snail! Who made the escape from Impel Down a success?  #TreCru 

some people support trashy rappers    instead of positive influences   tryna be edgy and different makes them all the same   

WATFORD vs WEST BROM COMPARED ODDS TOP BOOKIES. SPECIAL OFFERS, YOUR CLUB STATS AND RECOMMENDED BET. bestbet4u .… 

my car is already fucking dirty and i just cleaned it lastnight. i haven't even taken it anywhere     

#CNN Jim Acosta nothing but a #FakeNews wannabe reporter - idiot on steroids 

Benintendi, Bradley, Bogaerts, Betts, Pedroia, Hanley, Moreland and Sandoval. Those 1st 6 alone are scary in potent… 

So I get done telling me story and he like "Alright.... I'm still gone whoop yo ass" I just fucking crumbled.        

Yes I am mad online because a random thot on twitter posted a tweet insulting her boyfriend. 

acmc_clock_asia: #Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Baku, ASB for now (09h28m01s UT): 08°29'47.0'' #Leo (AC) / 26°40'15.2'' #Aries (MC)

BBC Sport - Antonio Conte says Chelsea are six wins from the Premier League title 

#stream porn on psp mother fucking tube 

Oh my, I didn't expect Waltz to have his curse broken expect for his route but nice! 

This is a picturesque mountain. I'll have to paint it later. Oh, would you like your portrait painted as well? Then let me get a close look!

Tattoo Trends – butterflies flying away ddrawings | Latest Butterfly Tattoos on Wrist…  

A classic, a must have, a mom essential, a basic, my go-to .... these are the things I hear from… 

yea im a sore fucking loser im over here about to chuck my xbox out the fucking window

LIL TRACY NEW PROJECT "XOXO" DROPPING IN AN HOUR TELL EVERYBODY AND DEY MOMMAAAA 

Ladybugs got their name from the Virgin Mary—people associated the seven spots of the common European ladybug with her seven sorrows.

#FrenchMontana been saying nigga for years. Why people mad cuz he said #nappy? #TwitterActivists 

 YOU KIDDIN ME?!?! First outdoor practice on a baseball field of the 2017 season. LETS GO!… 

After eight years it's international equities' turn to outperform the US. See The GIC Weekly 

Zuma made me forget about my fucking SuperBru picks... MSP.

How do you trust in #SecondLife ? Do you even try? #blogpost for thoughts:   r

Jose Mourinho Reveals Man Utd Pair Are Suffering From ‘Long-Term’ Injuries Ahead of West Brom Clash… 

I know that shit nasty asf 

there will come a day where i actually post here more... but today is not that day, nor tomorrow, or the day after that, or the day after th

Sorry I don't get why Kate didn't want the new guy leading the farmer case to see her at first. What's the history? #LineofDuty

Monitor = Syrian Observatory in Coventry, UK connected to Saudi/Qatar funded Western-armed West-hating jihadists w/… 

When you attempt to automate tweets but you can't quite manage character encoding.. 

  YASSS It's time for a great show   TonyMontana  :#MyKitchenLike  

Collect your #Free_Weight_Equipment from #eshopperex.com For more check the link:  

Monday, ruled by the Moon, is best for divination or psychic work, invoking power, creativity, +healing   

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

BPS says Charity Commission does not allow back payment to NHS of time its officers spend on BPS work. This has serious implications.

Mmmm get around other people and can't get a text back    so is that what we're doing now    acting like we didn't messages come thru

How to Use Your Competition's andquot;Top Pagesandquot; Data to Bolster Your SEO Efforts - Whiteboard Friday seo 

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

when u have a REAL bond w someone it's not easy to stop fw them. u deal with a lot of their stuff bc u want them in ur life.

when people you work with get mad because they do the wrong thing and then get in trouble for it   ‍  ‍  ‍

please tornados go away i have plans to be a bad bitch tonight 

This is why we are a nation of laws. So that those emotionally affected don't get to decide fate of those who brea… 

We got our friend on our side, so there's nothing to be afraid of!-Natsu (Fairy Tail) #FairyTailQuotes

Just found out another UG from the lab (also really terrific) got into her grad school of choice. Yay!

Blue is one of my favourite colours and of course I love blue books. I love the bone season… 

No???? It's definitely just hot in here like damn I'm not wearing almost nothing for any other reason i am a Child Of God what do u MEAN

HANNAH BAKER DESERVED THE WORLD AND EVERYONE TREATED HER LIKE SHIT SHE DESERVED TO BE HAPPY 

War of words builds quickly when Trump fires major warning shot at Freedom Caucus  

you are getting old when a new film is about a bunch of young people and the only actor you know plays their parents

Fakim aka Father Divine Builds on the Ancient Greeks and The stolen legacy of Original  

Fucking bingo u know me so well 

Babe fucked and creampied by masseurs on a table 

You think that you a bad bitch cuz you got 20k followers and book me in yo bio  

The Miz spent the last 8 months bringing prestige back to the Intercontinental Championship and they put it on the Pre-Show   #WrestleMania

Governor’s open declaration for NDC influenced his exit  

I'm HAPPY yall going for what yall are passionate about whether it is music, fashion, makeup, nails, hair, photography, an author, etc.   

Who the fuck just sent me 40 xxl Roger Stone cardboard cutouts? I hate this

Karnowski means "sucks at basketball" in Polish. loosely translated, of course. #nationalchampionship

Thanks for this Fabulous 5★ Review! "We were really impressed at your level of interaction with him and also... 

#Android can be fatally #hacked by malicious #WiFi networks #vulnerability Broadcom chips allow rogue Wi-Fi signals 

Im sitting here struggling when if i had anyone positive in my life Id be so damn rich #fml sometimes i catch a gli… 

#6: Sedmart Tree of life pendant Amethyst Rose Crystal Necklace Gemstone Chakra Jewelry Mothers Day Gifts… 

As Milton wrote, “The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a Heav’n of Hell, a Hell of… 

Let's #KeepItCandid. Here's the UGLY truth about people not supporting your blog  

Short-term effects of intravitreal ranibizumab therapy on diabetic macular edema  #oftalmologia

India's biggest social problem is discrimination by color. Girls as young as 5 start using fair and lovely and sadly… 

Hell of a tricep pump today. I said before that I hated working triceps but that was until… 

Now that's wife material !!! this girl can fuck !!! 

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! I learn here  

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

hey ppl who at one point watched and enjoyed yog content how long has it been since uve fully watched a vid of theirs

Racing NSW chairman Russell Balding outlines vision for bumper group 1 cards during The Championships 

Wave of #terrorist attacks a taste of what’s to come unless #Brutal response is meted out 

Original Unlocked LG Google Nexus 5 16GB 4G D820 D821 Wifi NFC Wireless Charging  

Cardinal William Keeler was the first bishop to publicly identify priests who were credibly accused of child abuse 

Me wondering where I went wrong for my mutual to unfollow me when we just talked yesterday so who abouta betray me… 

What the Media Isn’t Telling You About Yesterday’s Chemical Attack in Syria - 

I love when people are direct with their feelings so we can mutually understand each other and apologize and rebuild if needed.

Me: *stares in shock at kid #2* Kid #1: *stares at kid #2* Kid #2: "You shouldn't be singing that song. You're worshipping the devil."

#1: Hidden Figures [Blu-ray]: Hidden Figures [Blu-ray] Taraji P. Henson (Actor), Janelle Monae…  #Drama #Bluray

His scenes with clay are the funniest, also it's funny that he attends school he looks so much older but I sill lov… 

I be seeing sum disturbing shit ona internet I didn't know it was dat many undercover gay niggaz in Chicago   

When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. - Nido Qubein

"Love Trumps hate you guys; So let's go pepper spray some lady's eyes..." This is pure art. Share it.... 

Thank goodness for #Tibetans! #CTA should have done this.  #TibetanBuddhism #Shangrila… 

Germany, Soviet Zone 1948, MiNr A 195 (from set MiNr 182-197); used (4) - lot of 10 #stamps 

You don't take ya contagious ass to a vulnerable environment and infect those around you, you get better. Same thing with relationships.

Four Eyed Brunette Gets Ass Fucked In The Bureau 

Venezuela top court to assume congress role; opposition decries 'dictatorship'  #latest #news 

"Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking."—Marcus Aurelius Antoninus

It's All Fun and Game Until.... #anaksayabaikorangnya  

If only this was true Jesus    I always ask ppl for their crust (not in a nasty way lmao) 

Thanks Jari Ahmad for following me. Check out  if you want to connect further.

Sometimes your aunt from Canada comes to visit your mom and smuggles you a brick of Kinder eggs for your kids for E… 

I learned the "bald head scaly wag..ain't got no hair in the back" chant from a group of black women..... this is just a fact.

Sat 15:00: Light Snow; Temp -6.8 C; Windchill -16; Wind NE 33 km/h gust 51 km/h; Humidity 82%; Press 99.8 kPa / falling.

Today, my 8th graders helped me find a way to connect older robots to Bluetooth connection. Oh the things we can do!     #robotics

^Here's what Billionaire's Daughter, Temi Otedola wrote about living with her autistic brother (Pics) 

The Girl Accused Of Pouring Menstrual Blood On Burgers Confessed Everything! 

A209 Metal/Plywood/Glass 5*Lights 5*Rotating Vanes 3 Level Household Ceiling Fan  

This week's topic is human evolution and migration One theory is Neanderthals went extinct because they didn't divide labor by sex

These birds that keep shitting on my car are asking to fucking die

i've finally realized that to be happy you can not count on people to do it for you, you have to do it for yourself.

SORRY IF I UNFOLLOWED YOU ITS JUST THAT MY TL IS SO MESSED UP RN AND I NEEDED TO CLEAN IT ;; DM ME IF YOU WANTED TO KEEP THE MUTUAL!!!!!!!!!

Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot' 

Anybody who has been on the wrong side of suicide can agree - 13 reasons why is the worst goddamn show

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

Is there heartbreak in #Haylijah's future? #TheOriginals scoop in #SpoilerRoom:  

Diana Ross to Open, Chance the Rapper to Close as 2017 Essence Festival Reveals Nightly Lineup 

White Rabbits   Happy 1st of April, YouTubers. My favourite month in the world. #April    

I gots my education from Stanford and Oxford. I be sayin' I ain't got nothing for nobody on this leaking stuff. -… 

OMG! We are So Super Excited for this one!!! Hope to see you here this Saturday from Noon - 6p! Bring the whole fam… 

I signed petition to support #SushmitaSenDeservesPadmaBhushan  Sign here  to be eligible to play d game on 21 April

You can't say you fucked my bitch nigga which one ... I can't even pick one  

Social media firms faces huge hate speech fines in Germany  

Apple iPhone 3GS - 8GB - Black (ATandT) Smartphone  

Waterford Traffic Corp MIT Checkpoint on RiceBridge Waterford. 2 vehicles issued with FCN for no tax ,1 vehicle sei… 

Weaver Bases 32and32 Winchester 06, 62, 90 Octagon Barrel -Zoom charts for Others  

When these 16year old shawties screenshoting dem slack dms from man with daughter an ting 

187 users and 213 tweets (174 RTs) in 4 days made 'Lindiwe Hani' a Trending Topic in South Africa. #trndnl

I went to watch exo's concert twice which costs -------------- each. Plus the albums i bought and overall might total to     

Ivanka is an excellent role model for working moms. But her focus on liberal talking points—the wage gap—is concerning. Educate yourself.

Enjoyed this. My main problem with it though is that it suffers from the same problem that most grime albums nowadays do.

#TripleTalaqArrest 2fgt dis social menace #TripleTalaq rgts shd b gvn 2d Muslim wmn2, den dis evil wl hv a natural death #TripleTalaqDebate

Maichard and DTBY give us a roller coaster ride of emotions. That is why we love them. #ALDUBKSGoesToUS

1st April might be a good start.after show we went to urut badan-makeup-eating-lepak-eating-and went to a show. Literally it is so memorable

Lesbian babes pussy licked get fucked at the gym on POV 

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

Bless these fine people. These Incredible Rescues of Homeless Animals Will Inspire You to Take Action (VIDEO) 

I fucked my brothers girlfriend Marika 

With all the promises to the coal miners Trump’s    coal policy will do just what Obama’s did 

I'm that one friend you'll always end up fucking up with 

When a patent doesn't want to repeat telling you how you should concentrate on reading. 

Oculus founder and Trump meme connoisseur Palmer Luckey has left Facebook #Facebook #android #app go to 

You're on a roll today and everything you encounter seems to a... More for Leo 

COAST Flashlight LED RED AND GREY FLASHLIGHT. (I01012002)  

ringofhonor: Ring of Honor stars say their wrestling is 'authentic' |  via foxnewslive 

Me pussy fucking tabatha doggy style and cumming in her pussy 

Welcome to the world, my precious girls. Cora Lee was born at 7:46pm weighing 5lb 11oz and… 

Mortgage Terms to Know: Mortgagor is the borrower on a mortgage loan transaction 

I have a rising follower graph! 1 more follower in the past day. Get your stats right here 

#Baseball #Boston #RedSox Star Mike Andrews Autographed-#Signed 1971 Topps baseball card!  

#Wrestlemania Thank you roman. Thank you Roman, thank you Roman!!. What a fucking shambles the Taker was

T-Mobile's interactive LTE coverage map shows how it wants to compare with Verizon, ATandT, and Sprint by late 2017 

I've just watched episode S03E04 of You're the Worst!  

Are there outtakes to Diners, Drive-ins and Dives where Guy Fieri is violently shitting himself because he ate too many ghost peppers?

Altman Z-Score Analysis for Southern Company (SO) #altmanzscore  

Winds may gust to over 50 mph over parts of the Cape and Nantucket. #WCVBsnow 

Love working with such wonderful clients, thank you Saiqa for your review. Xx 

The rights of our children are under attack. Please help us fight to protect our nation's kids! ->… 

GDP growth under Obama was worst in decades - New York Post  

Kelly Sikorsky, GOTR participant and Founder of Travel with Care Northwest Arkansas speaking at the 6th annual… 

Footage of Man Utd target Mbappe playing football as a 10-year-old will stun you 

  I hate people with their bs ass headss 

I've just watched episode S02E07 of The 4400! #4400  

i havent listened to wicked in at least 4 years and now ?? im sad and i just needed to listen to it??

happy 19th to my stupid funny best friend thanks for funding my life and making me laugh harder than anyone else,… 

Ass fucking mistresses unleash femdom 

You can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo... More for Virgo 

According to a new product liability lawsuit, a Virginia man's fatal aortic aneurysm was caused by side effects of… 

eBay: 2005 Harley-Davidson Touring 2005 Harley Davidson Electra Glide…  #motorcycles #biker… 

Closing ceremony for LI's best at Hecksher Museum on Sunday. Students' perspective on the world is more powerful than you think. #edtsparks

All we really needed was a portable device that can access the internet and not a full-blown PC. 

  In #liveme,ain't nothing like a weekend with no obligations Naglaa Shams:باك  

RETWEET #인피니트infinite and MAKE on  to show how much you want a show in your city! #NowMaking

now this is the kind of quality content i deserve <EMOJI>️ “This octopus hides in coconut shells ” 

Coach Jasiyah 'Jai' Bey TABATA 30 Minute Fit Camp Challenge - Saturday Morning Madness in full… 

Food tour, Kings Heath market, beer festival and other things to do in Birmingham this weekend 

Here’s why a modern #PAS and an #AdvancedAnalytics solution are crucial for enabling an omni-channel experience:… 

First lighting gig last night Location > Serena Hotel Poolside One step at a time.. Feel free to hit me up for ligh… 

Demam...kecapean, just relax, hot tea and watching my favorite series until fall…   Watching House of Anubis — 

VodafoneIN: ErzaXabhi cont1.. validity is UPC generation day + 15 days.) SMS charges are as per tariff plan or Re.1/SMS. Kindly Carry a Pho…

ICYMI: can't ignore the chilly solutions for later next week - a few flakes too? 

My sex life is just not as much fun with it all of it just to be able and it would just mean the best of all those… 

We voted claraa_sweet #BestCamGirl at EroticCamAwards! inna_sirina CamPromoXXX maxtime1983 wolfdaddyspace… 

So glad to be back from Amsterdam, can walk the streets without being cleaned out by a bike every 5 seconds

Although you might already have big plans for the weekend, mor... More for Capricorn 

Jacky after win last month in Drag Eliminator Guadalajara is now going to be the first woman to race ProCom next we… 

Today I collected 46k from a devoted finslut, non taxable up to 100k, of course #finsavvy #Findom isn't only about… 

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > Star 4 n share .  

Slumville sunrise⁰Nobody cares or looks twice⁰Shine away in the morning⁰Across this place where I was born in

You want the ability to be free from other people's demands to... More for Aquarius 

Chattisgarh CM Raman Singh: "Will hang those who kill Cows" Very healthy competition between BJP ruled states in pleasing Cowmata.

LaBeouf Stab him in the floor, expressionless You fall to the neck You're chopping his kidney Safe at

See how BOSTON ENGINEERING SPEEDS PROTOTYPING BY USING THEIR #RIZE ONE #3DPRINTER  #3dprinting

I'm different... I embraced the weirdness of the human experience long ago. I don't have much shame. 

Is there a connection between #Wolves and the Willow plants of Yellowstone? What do you think?.. #JuniorExplorers..… 

I STILL  ‍ HE STILL   ‍ WE STILL   FUCKING BITCH    Move Around       

Drones, robots and a carnival of creativity delight kids of all ages at Maker Faire Miami - Miami Herald 

if someone attacks your fav don't attack their fav¿ it's common sense kidz we aren't in middle school

There is no Situation Room at fucking Mar-a-Lago Stop It!!

"20 Signs Of Romance That Prove You Are Special To Him, Even If He Doesn't Say It Loud! 

"The eagle never lost so much time as when he submitted to learn from the crow." A throwaway line in Dead Man, but still one I like. :D

And we have to listen to Shithead Sheppp? He's all there is at Fox? All around tragic evening. 

Aircraft spotted: Flight UAL958 is 60.8 miles away and travelling 462 kts at 37975 feet | 

dear college seniors, an op-ed is not a source, a blog post is not a source an academic journal is a source how do you not know this

I'm fucking getting changed and the window cleaner is at my window

Theo Walcott’s whale adventures, team names and Sunderland goalkeeper linked  (Source: Arseblog)

Top sins of the modern world. 1) Murder. 2) Game of Thronus spoilers. 3) Putting raisins in canamel rolls, you monsters.

I'm using the torch on my phone to see my keyboard bc I can't be bothered moving three inches and turning on my light.

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of the Pirate Empress Boa Hancock!  #TreCru 

【My cutie devil】 #mycutiedevil 【iOS】 【Android】 Sleepy 

getting four tattoos all at once wasn't that bad tbh. huge thanks to caspermacabre_tattoos for… 

SPDC links LiveWIRE beneficiaries to $.8m growth fund  

The one thing I hate about being back home is that all my stuff gets moved around by everyone and ends up lost 

Women Girl Mermaid Fish Tail Knitted Woolen Sofa Bed Blanket Crochet Soft Warm  

Safe havens for ILLEGAL immigrants is absolute nonsense. The left are protecting their voting base by harboring criminals. Citizens b damned

Dad Dies From Cancer. 2 Years Later, Daughter Finds Strange Letter Inside Old Book 

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

Am I a Person yet? Are women people yet? No. Mike Pence breaks tie to allow states to defund Planned Parenthood 

Ugh why do the eyeshadows in this palette crease so fucking bad

idk if this real or stupid as fuck 

Chatte Poilue et Fist Fucking pour Amatrice 

I wouldn't be this mad if my hair was fucking done!!!!

Cyberchase and Arthur are my favorite of all time!! You couldn't get my attention when I was watching them   

A pill can ward off breast cancer. Why aren’t more women taking it?  

#Gamecocks looked like a very well coached group playing as a team. Thrilled about the development of returning players and recruits.

EXID SERVING IN THE TEASER IM FUCKING YODELING YES BITCHES

Valverde to win the Tour de France? Incredible his form. Winning sprints, uphill sprints, TT, climbs, GCs

04-06 A handsome young man is picking apples from an apple tree... #klintehamn 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

Thank goodness it's just a 30 min pre-show like it usually is. Had read somewhere it'd go an hour. I can squeeze in some more people.

I hate a nigga who never got weed . But there when you spark up

Actually fuck you Hamilton !! 

Pope calls for eliminating nuclear weapons, and instead devote resources to development  #RomeReports

Event von heute 14:00 Uhr: Long Live the King! #Messe, #Ausstellung #Schweiz #Event 

I voted for #OnePlus3T as India's Best Rated Smartphone. Participate and you can win Rs 1 crore #OneCroreOnePlus 

If This Video From Julian Assange Gets Out, The Democrats Will Be Destroyed Forever!  

Please RT #fashion #style Clarisonic Mia Fit vs. Foreo Luna: The Ultimate Showdown 

Can't wait to see 42nd street again. It's been quite a few years since I saw Catherine Zeta Jones (as was) in it! 

Trending on NPR, Duterte Orders Philippine Army To Occupy Disputed Islands In South China Sea 

Carl got fucked in the eye socket by Negan while Lucille watched. WTF AMC?? #SpoilerAlert… 

Yall niggas look like idiots holding your girls hand at the gym tbh  

Easter is knocking on the door! Be sure to stop in to our Home and Garden store for unique Easter gifts and decor! 

Pikachu available until 01:26:22am (28m 25s). Quick Attack / Wild Charge (100.0% - 15/15/15) 

She'll give them $25 and they'll be able to extract the full value from that tiny sample 

Is there an API available or planned to consume the scores of a test. Provide Test ID = get scores in JSON format?

Your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day, and you may... More for Sagittarius 

Vision Spinner II 1600mAh T3S Starter Kit | PLUS 30ml eJuice  #vape #ecig #ecigkit #vapekit… 

Officials confirm EF2 tornado rips through Okeechobee County.  

I have about zero patience with folk who act like assholes right now. You wanna be a dick, I'm gonna call you a dic… 

i keep getting overly excited for The Courteeners... can't wait to dance and sing my heart out with Mr Fray 

Thinking about goin to see my nasty hoe 

go cry yo ass to sleep , cuz stupid bitch yk he lying !!

#Rape is NEVER justified; regardless if alcohol was consumed. #stopvictimblaming 

All other Greek God candidates colluded to have Harambe killed. Vote Wutang #VotesOutForWutang 

It would be great if websites could learn from Set Max. It receives great traffic only once in a year still doesn't crash. #SRHvRCB

but we live in a world where we are so consumed in ourselves we never reach out to others who may be struggling with that.

When The Person You Need Ain't There Because You Fucked Up and Now They Don't Want Nothing To Do With You ...

March madness is falling into April too.... don't loose your head just go to  and log in! 

500lvl Covenant University student dies because the school’s hospital had nothing in it  

"i wouldn't have came here if you didn't post that ugly ass selfie." BUT YOU STILL HIT THAT LIKE BUTTON

Currently making thumbnails of a picture of Canoe. Trying to decide which pose to go with~ 

Spotlight and Giveaway: Meet Me at Beachcomber Bay by Jill Mansell #romance #romancenovels 

All sailings are running within 20mins of schedule with space currently available. 

Should #Trump listen to #US #Muslim leaders call to Reject Anti-Islam Candidates? Isn’t America a Christian Nation? 

'Walking Dead' boss says Season 8 will be 'bigger, more intense' and we're not ready 

WHO SENT THAY FUCKING ANON PELASE I'M LAUGHINGSOHARD

New Doctor Who teaser shows off a brilliant Tardis trick  

What i think about you is you're super sweet and an incredible best friend. I couldn't see my life without you. I love your crazy ass   

sexual harasser defends sexual harasser, woman a criminal for doing her job. 

Do you suffer from a sports injury, joint, arthritis or back pain? Do you want an alternative to surgery or other... 

A little today, a lot tomorrow... Managing investment risk during turbulent markets #Derbyshire #FinancialAdvice… 

polish babe from Prague fucked 

imagine he's bending his knees bcs he knows that he made some mistakes and begging ur forgiveness, in front of ur h… 

#Dublin Apr 02 11:30 Temperature 11C few clouds Wind SW 13 km/h Humidity 60% Ireland .. 

//realityimtrapedherefor6hoursandiusedtwoofthemtodrawbrandon She's a sassy g a l 

Omg I fucking hate Wilfred this fucking dog man lmfaooooo

Nakamura Wants to Debut on the SmackDown Brand #News #WWE  

If My GirlF Want My Password All She Got To Do Is Ask... And Ima Say FUCK No!!!         

"Alexa order stain remover" "Go fuck yourself Reggie Miller" "Alexa turn it up" "I hate that you bought me and I want to die Reggie Miller"

Like niggas always lying thinking I'm stupid , like you don't have to lie to me baby you ain't my nigga

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

Lost my lighter this is brilliant I hate everything why can't I just be with emily now instead of 40 mins away

teacher spanking and fucking studnt 

Time flies is a lie Time sits still and doesn't fucking move and you have to nudge it along like a failing engine

The male mannequin has breasts. This disturbs me. This is one fkd up skills lab   #NurseRant 

I had a moment last week when i smashed the friend of this guy i been dating on and off for years. Didnt know they were friends

File under pro-capitalist revolving door: Former Queensland ALP Premier Anna Bligh, now CEO of the Australian... 

Oh come on, ludicrous over charging and 4 holidays a year in Florida is hardly a criminal- oh, yeah, as you were.... 

245 - Dan_Norton4 has scored his 245th try in the WorldRugby7s, making him the all-time top try scorer in the com… 

ok wait this sounds dumb i mean like if you showed me those songs but they were done by another artist or smthn i probably wouldnt like em

What Are LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms (and How to Amplify Their Impact with Zapier) 

Literally this is the worst sensation I feel like my foot is gonna explode because it's swelling but has nowhere to go FUCK THIS CAST

Bitch you got 7 dogs you nasty 

〝Oh. . Though I might have to say a proper 'hello' to the fellow friend of my old .. acquaintance.〞

tailgating time at your favorite concert or sporting event.  has it all #BuyTickets… 

Life isn't about what others think of you or even what you think of yourself, it's all about what God thinks of you. God loves us ALL.

My body does not feel like my body. Feels like a fucking crab shell. Ya feel me? Idk what I'm saying

"Kindness in words creates confide ce; kindness in thinking crjates profoundness; kindness in givingv.reates love."

My dad just called me a liar because he didnt believe that in the new version charlie and the chocolate factory Willy Wonkas dad's a dentist

I feel like #itgetsworseshow would and SHOULD be the next gen Freaks and Geeks, like obv #giveusweirdossomthingtorelateto

#FREE "Hey my phone is blowing up.Everyone’s wondering where we are.”  #CHRISTIAN 

took my spot at the window, looked out at the road. dots and dashes of traffic, like a messaging code

Totally different if I was prepping a meal for him. But y'all on something else if imma reach across he table to cut his chicken...

#girls get fucked video marie gillain sex 

Supposedly I would have been named Selena if I had been born after her death. Instead I was born a week before.

I SWEAR my face hates me. It's like "oh you have a special event tomorrow lemme just have a few thousand pimples pop up" :))) PUTAAA

Normally, you're more than happy to go along with a friend on ... More for Sagittarius 

My group members probably hate me bc I put all my group chats on mute. I hate the constant notifications

It sucks when there's one person in the whole world that you want to text but you don't want to seem desperate or like a bother  

Who was the greater warrior, Karna or Arjuna, according to original phrases from the Mahabharata? by Anonymous 

#SomeoneTellRedpepper they almost got me there but pheew   i know people tickets out #MorganHeritageLiveUG in 12d… 

Stressing over a prom dress when I don't even have a fucking date

My mans went into fuckin depression cuz he couldn't get the order of the sandwich right. If that ain't love, idk wh… 

Kevin Gates Decides He's Joan Osborne with New Song 'What If' -  

By invoking the #NuclearOption, Senate Republicans just ensured that every 5-4 SCOTUS ruling will be tainted w/illegitimacy for yrs to come.

P.s ... to all yall shade Throwing ass Clowns stop trying to find comfort in Twitter.... Nobody cares lmaoo

FOUND Bird Chicken in CheritonGrove,Tonteg Cardiff  #cheritongrove,tonteg #CF38 #bird #petregister pls RT

#RepealHB2 means Transgender people will be able to do what they did before #HB2 was in place.#ncpol

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Israel 2012 Silver New Sheqel Tel Megiddo NGC MS69 Israeli Coin pcgs anacs icg | eBay 

When your place of employment doesn't see what you do for them, you start to wonder if it's REALLY worth it.

A 'cup of coffee' in the big leagues: A rookie's first taste of the major leagues will often be short. 

-- a male voice, American (imagine that!), comes on the line. “Mr Mitchell we can’t authorize any more automatic payments for you. If you --

MMA News, Edmond still with Travis, Trump travel ban impact on UFC... source ... 

Appeals Court rejects bail pleas of ex-TAT governor and daughter  

I'm so behind on scandal buT THEYRE RE AIRING THE TRAIL ??? WHAT IS HAPPENING ??? 

anyway and then we said goodbye to parents and it was so weird like I wasn't even emotional at all im still not emotional

Why can't anyone see that it is the insurance companies that are the problem with the health care system?

You may not always receive what you WANT, but if you pray and trust in God, you'll always get what you NEED.

that picture of l*ke got me lowkey fucked up 

You might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t... More for Scorpio 

fucking rissian girl bravo #spanked and sex girls 

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

Well Brexit might be bad. But with Faith, Flags and WWII style fighting spirit. We can do this! #sarcasm

Some customers should just learn to STFU! I'm just a sales person not the one designing the fucking product.   

Happy one year anniversary to me. Twitter  Dwaynerlewis83 #textgram #instagood #iger #igers… 

「Russian forces were notified respose to Assad's heinous act.」 #Pentagon statement on US strike in #Syria #USrussia 

#ENRS2017 Adelphi's Dr Jane White, Visiting Scientist at Northwell, begins her symposium presentation with IFN part… 

#Caterpillar to close plant near #Aurora, lay off 800 workers #earth-movingequipmentmaker  

our fave subject to talk about  ️but u know me im staying true nights are never about the fellas for me! 

what do you normally do when you go to the gym?? yo... — i havent been to the gym in like 5 months 

Junior Ruckus with Free Deck of Standard Playing Cards  

Booby college girl fucked by pawnkeeper at the pawnshop 

Reality-What people call the President doesn't matter. Obama proved this w/ the "birthing" ridiculousness. Let inve… 

This lady came into my work. Bought a pizza. Asks why we didnt bake it (we're a take n bake) and tells me she doesnt have an oven at home...

corbin fishers clips of dylan fucking 

We are excited to be at #MagentoImagine, and honored to be Global Partner of the Year! 

I swear, SahBabii's "Pull Up Wit Ah Stick" instrumental is one of the most relaxing Hip Hop beats I've ever heard.

#Jazz birthday felicitations to twin brothers Rahsaan Barber (sax) and Roland Barber (trombone), who were born this date in 1980.

New Job: Associate Trainer/AV14 Avionic systems instructor - Hampshire, HMS Sultan 

Metal Gear Solid recreated in LEGO Worlds is the game you didn’t know you needed  

Lol it seems everyone hates him. Not sure the guy has any fan outside of Australia. But he was brilliant yesterday.… 

We are in the process of creating and printing new magnets for our customers! Want more details? Contact us! 618… 

School holidays are coming up soon. Follow up with your healthcare professional if you are going overseas as you may need a #vaccine

Imagine having the ability to achieve instant, powerful erections whenever you want... -  

Lmaoooo fucking suction cup 

We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Host -  #Restaurant #Greensboro, NC… 

WATERLOO WARRIORS YOUN ARENA OFFICIAL GAME PUCK minor hockey Blank Back  

There’s nothing more intimate in life than simply being understood… And understanding someone else. - Brad Meltzer

Why would you reshuffle the cabinet? Why change Hon. Fikile Mbalula? He was doing a good job #cabinetreshuffle

April, 2017: Umm... pretty sure this stuff was made exactly for me!   they only had this one… 

【MAD】Love is a Beautiful Pain - Endless Tears-mIOMRiQaB-U { {

Pavel Tashev has just released a new version of EasyMail - 0.6.3, url:  

When your wee brother doesn't leave enough time to make lunch for his study pals, so you step in and save the day l… 

Genuinely excited about #CultureUK, and looking forward to supporting so many of our clients with their projects. B… 

How good is your official #photography? Read this and know why good #photos matter: Obama vs. Trumps photography 

Enjoy your weekend but keep your eyes on the road, hands on the wheel. Let your phone go to VM. Distracted driving can be deadly.

Hitler are not able to get a property finance loan bank loan  

My fitbit #Fitstats_en_US for 4/03/2017: 23,009 steps and 11.5 miles traveled. 

Making changes that endure isn't always as straightforward as ... More for Gemini 

Does Leonard have 3 rings does he?? Fucking moron 

11 Year Old Girl Just Dumped Her Boyfriend With The Most Epic Burn Of All Time 

New on Ebay: Call of Duty: Black Ops III USED SEALED COD BOIII BO3 3 Microsoft Xbox One, 2015… 

#telugu masala sex taiwanese girls fucking 

So we would expect them to engage in a cultural exchange and respect the environmental integrity of the planet they… 

Kushner arrives in Iraq with Joint Chiefs chairman for visit  

Is it just me or does "I don't see gender" come across with an attitude similar to "I don't see color?" Like,, it just seems a bit like they

My husband gets harassed by police for being a black panther and Proud Boys. Since you discredit others experiences… 

taylor completed the achievement and received rewards Trainee (Level 5)!  

Some teams it's a fucking dream not to steins it's a fucking memory. #morethanaclub 

#LaLiga / #LasPalmas who have not won in their last 13 away games, visit #Eibar tonight. Best odds at Easysportbet… 

lisapics_: RT bestoflisa: look at our lisa oppaa~ being so adorable with her girlfriends today   

This prom season, hundreds of LA girls get a helping hand for their big night  #fashion #v… 

LOL. I must have missed seeing that criticism. The human form was just too much of a pretty boy.   

11-Yr Avg vs LY (in mbbls) for Week Ending March 31, 2017 #OOTT #Crude +1.25 | -5.22 #Gasoline -2.56 | 1.44 #Distillate -0.79 | +1.80

IKendrick has grown. Sure. Is it possible that he could still be at the place he was when he used BW as a metaphor for capitalism? Yep.

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

glad it wasn't this clown dropped by like 12 in the past two hours but my follower count is the same

Stop fucking publishing April Fool's content before April 1st. Your brand isn't benefiting, you just look fucking thirsty.

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Selection of Best Social Media Marketing Resources.. #Blogging #Content #Facebook 

32: Well worked corner from the #Swans, but LiamJCullen's shot is agonisingly into the side netting.  0-0   | #PLCup

TAKARA TOMY Star Wars super deformation diorama Death Star New  

Since I assume everyone loves sweets as much as I do, custom monogram cookies were in order.… 

 "ITS FUCKING RANCID" im going to hell.

"Stroke Puts Mom In A Coma. When She Wakes Up, She Finds Out She Gave Birth 

UT is currently the top Big 12 and Texas school in the Division I Learfield Directors’ Cup standings, per an UT release #HookEm

EXCLUSIVE: Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Are Still Going Strong as They 'Cater In' Dates, - Entertainment Tonight 

Such retarded and careless drivers on the roads who don't care for bikers! Beware!!! :o read the article and know... 

Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind. - Sir Mark Young #quote

I hope Triple H retire before I have kids so they don't see me cry like a big baby smh #ThankYouTaker #Wrestlemania

Y'all come out tonight   and turn the fuck up!!! 

Trending Worldwide Report: Blackwater Founder Erik Prince Tried To Open A Secret Line  Blackwater founder tried t

My followers live in the U.K. (67%), the U.S. (16.2%), Australia (2.7%) and more. Create your map at 

Luckily he shut up during the film but then after the film he tried again. I then fucking KNEW he was gonna wait for me outside and HE DID

Itgroup is provide wide range of business support services like tax advisory,hon… – Hong Kong Picture 

wonwoo is the best of god and he has no idea how much i love him and he is not the only reason why the holy grail c… 

Ya Allah fulfill my dreams. Ya Allah give me success. Ya Allah give me a bright future. Ya Allah bless my parents.

05/04/17 - A dry day is expected, but with dull and grey skies. Breezy. Max 12c Wind NW 14mph Chance of precip: 0% Min 5c

Briefing | 'Ganja is the only way forward' – Focus of UWI Cannabis Cup  

India under Modi is actively pushing Hindu culture by criminalizing slaughter of cow. Its direct attack on Muslim culture. #NoToAkhundBharat

PMAN urges governments to prioritise development of creative industry  

China's 'Old Economy' Pushing Aside Its 'New Economy'  

Stop fucking parking in front of the swim complex!!!! Niggas can't get out cause of yall

Your pussies so disgusting they dont pick up their asses.

Maria: *says anything* me: What? I don't have fucking ears

It's odd that as the weekend approaches you should start to fe... More for Leo 

Ayuna Vogel AyunasCode .TipTopGS honestly, any other conf I've been to so far had more women engs than #WWDC  

yo enemy be on yo passenger side , riding with you getting High , you can't believe it but you know that he sneaky

Odds Grow For Possible #rump #Impeachment  I surely hope so. #IMPEACH this bastard already.  

Accounting Courses - Overview of Field Accounting courses are a great choice for those... 

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Stay out of my fucking inbox. Stay out of my fucking inbox. Stay out of my fucking inbox.

Time to mother fucking recharge and stop freaking out.

She's one of my inspirations and one of those "few" people that I value and I love a lot. This is for you. TQM big… 

Why did you fall — Guz you retarded     I miss that during wrestling s... 

Are you going to the Home Show this weekend? Be sure to stop by our booth and say hello   … 

#AI Library presentation of VIT Campus Jaipur. Presented by Rishabh, Vinayak(Batch counsellor Shabnam Sheikh) of… 

Keep on the great work! I rely for many years on LMP and saw that App getting more and more mature. 

If you hate my bot, then fuck off. I got no problems. #Writerbot

Beijing to strengthen authority over Hong Kong through ‘legal means’  

UGG Australia Youth/#Girls Bailey Button in Dark Brown Size 2 (S2536)  

Gotta show his 605 lb squat too! The enthusiasm and encouragement from the rest of the team is inspiring! They take… 

"For me, a "how to do it" book has to reach me through the gut...Well, this morning, I am thoroughly gutted" 5-star 

The Liberal, Main Stream Media have ignored the situation that Sweden has found itself in. Now look what's happened! Time to wakey wakey.

A extension that floods your internet history with false information, making all the data advertisers are getting … 

The Hindu: Swaraj India denied interim relief of common symbol for MCD polls  

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at a shadowy criminal empire!  #TreCru 

‘Cards Against Humanity’ Creator Just Pledged To Buy and Publish Congress’s Browser History 

You fucking think I just ate 3 burritos for you? No mother fucker I eat when I'm hungry.

#BBnaija: “My Sister Doesn’t Allow My Daughter Watch The Show” – Bisola Tells TBoss  

Idk why niggas feel like they can come into my life when ever they feel like it. Fucking clowns

DTI: Even goods with no SRP, prices are low and stable. Strong competition — if you have unfair prices, you lose customers. | ClaireJiao —…

IdahoHoneyPot: Shields UP!! #Telnet incoming Telnet attack from 177.207.87.151 

[Georges Hall] Forretress (F) (IV: 75%) until 07:54:16PM at 15 Orison St   #sixty

‘Autism passport’ scheme launched thanks to input from Sunderland people  #asd

Christian McCaffrey Pro Day Highlights and Bucky Brooks Analysis | NFL | Path to the Draft 

every semester two morning has been me sleeping in just that little too much and running late all morning

Convince and Convert Thanks for the Follow, you are #TotallyAwsome. Retweet my profile pin and I will retweet yours.… 

this wks episode of riverdale was a god damn disaster sry... and can cheryl stop adding "kins" 2 the end of evrthn...its making me annoyedkins

#XRIM #MONEY business These kids are left at a higher risk by President Trump's pesticide order  …

My job as a doTERRA advocate is NOT to diagnose or prescribe you oils. My job is far more powerful than that.... 

112 new tweeps followed me in the last week. I find relevant people to follow with the #CopyFollowers feature of 

LMFAOOOOOO "ITS NOT 1 ROSA, you fucking get me mad"

7 important #TEDTalks on the struggle of mental health:  #WorldHealthDay #EndTheStigma

errotica victoria fucked in the pussy 

Lucho 4-4-3 is totaly fucked up, how could alba-mathieu-umtiti-mascherano played together?

Core of the Problem: The Real Agenda Behind #CommonCore…:  March 31, 2017 at 05:30PM

Fucking auto correct keeps fucking up my words damnit 

Ayesem – Koti (Police) (Prod. By WillisBeatz)(Clean and Raw)  

Woman Explains Difference Between Rape And Consent In 5 Tweets To Men Who Still Don’t Get It 

Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

With just two days left, we're super excited as well! #KaatruVeliyidai #KaatruVeliyidaiin2Days #OfficerVC #DrLeela… 

Hairy Babe Barb finger fucking in the kitchen 

Instagrammers Compare Their First Photo With Their Last  ^Buzzfeed 

If you didn't just get a #poopsnap from me.. 1) you're welcome 2) you're not even my real friend, the homies all with it #grouppoopfuheva

FMQs: Holyrood erupts as Davidson mocks Sturgeon during referendum row | UK | News |  

Fucking americunts trying to change the world 

My nigga if you know me and you heard shitty stories about me just ask me and I will clear your thoughts don't be acting up 4 no reason  ‍

I May not say it a lot but I hate apologetic ARMYS I hope they choke on every dick but BTS's

I love 311 without irony, unapologetically. It has become very cool to mock them. Try to play drums like #chadsexton, I dare ya. #longcareer

at first i bought kylies products bc i liked the colors but bruh. i can't stand having that flakey crusty ass product on my lips

If the roster looks decent, then I could see Melo stick around until the trading deadline and of course depending on Knicks record.

East of Indian couple fucking outdoor 

Democrats demand answers from Gorsuch on dark money, but Manchin and Heitkamp don't care 

Sooo, I'm trying to stream today but PMDG does not let me activate :( All black screens and no working buttons.

Oh imagine that. Its fucking Non-sense. Who'd have dreamt it? The Stupid Sheep already believe though. 

[E!News] : Banger Alert! Jamoraskid Set to drops New Hit Feat. YBNL Davolee(See Date)  

#MLB Wire: LeBron James says Cavs are in 'bad spot,' reasons for optimism are running out  

But heartbreaks are worse at night when in bed alone. Hey    I do not miss those days. The chest actually pains    

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

Thomas predecessor Thurgood Marshall served US Supreme Court with dignity. 1967-1991 he was truly a great man he cared about people.

i would lose my fucking mind 

I wanted ice cream so I made myself try on a bathing suit first. Super effective. #hateyourselfskinny #thatshowitworksright?

Pepsi pulls controversial Kendall Jenner ad, says it "missed the mark"  by #cnnbrk via… 

Gotta send videos to selfish niggas...that nigga hate sharing.

I won't even give a mad or any bitch my Time Of day

California governor declares end to drought emergency  

? Joey Votto slaps a double down the right-field line to plate Billy Hamilton in 2-0 win over Cardinals (ESPN)  #Re…

Omg. So the TSA took my luggage walked it out. I'm thinking he bouta check it. Walks me outside and said I didn't check your luggage. Tip me

Carlos Santana overcame childhood sexual abuse to reach world famous success. #SAAM2017 

Congratulations Jordan M. ! You are the lucky winner of our Kleen Bidet Spa KBS-1300 giveaway! Thank you to all wh… 

So that's why I'm so tired all the time...however, I would not trade this time in life for anything. 

Past and Present Dream Girl of Pi Kappa Alpha . • #PiKappaAlpha #Fraternity… 

woah the fucking convinience 

Can we have a shooting star throwback as well. They have a lot to wish for now. 

518 Cranbrooke Ave Toronto - Absolutely Stunning One-Of-A-Kind State Of The Art Cstm Built Designer Inspired... 

Today was a #familyday, didn't get any work done, but spent the day with my favourite people :) #etsyseller #etsyuk… 

why are so many people turning to day trading as a way to get rich quickly? - here ฿฿฿ $ell/฿uy  #Bitcoin

#2 girls one cup sex video girl getting fucked video 

Hey James Timothy White thanks for the follow! I try to make videos daily and I update my playlists, please enjoy 

County Championship round-up: Stuart Broad takes first wicket of the summer : County cricket takes centre stag.. 

mowgli is really laying in the middle of my bed and meowed at me when i moved her so i'm sleeping sideways

Today’s burger special at #JBsRoastsandChops-melted feta, bacon, lettuce and pickled red onions on a brioche bun!… 

he's just an unfortunate idiot 

girls fucking sleeping girls #hall of fame porn videos 

Lose to the scrub fucking Lakers for the 3rd time.

It’s time we bring awareness and education around hearing health to the global stage. I am a Global Citizen, and I am #HereTogether.

we takin this so seriously but theyre probably scrollin through their secret twt accounts laughing their asses off… 

Right Way Business Center and Driving School on #Yelp: Shajuan Smith congratulations for doing your time driving driv… 

hey guys! I helped my friend film this to ask his girlfriend to prom, it turned out so cute    

Mattis worries about 'reckless' N. Korea actions -  #news #tech #football 

"Just the Nature Goddess's prime special! I'll always be happy to give you a matching pair, if you want!" 

happy 18th birthday daniel, you've given me light to my darkest days and i am forever grateful. have the best day t… 

Life is all about me, myself and l don't incovinent yourself​ to please others cos nobody deserves… 

What types of food make exercise worthwhile? #healthyfood  

I think I would lost it if Lucas step to me like that, have some fucking respect bro #BkChatLDN

Up to 30 protesters detained after rally in Moscow  ^RTE 

What a beautiful, inspiring evening we all had at this year's Doe Fund graduation! See our photos from the event:… 

Filthy brune chaude salope branlette 

We wish all our learners and educators a restful holiday and look forward to welcoming everyone back next Quarter. See you on the 19th.

"Drake voted for Dukakis" -Tyler Geske, quote of the fucking century

Hard to believe how many of them didn't know their insurance was 'obamacare'. Dont they watch anything but Fox? 

BITCH I MIGHT BE GOING TO ARIZONA IM FUCKING L I V I N G

NIGGA IM STILL MAD WHY DOES JAPAN HAVE 12 TOUR DATES .

Nelda Parpia retweeted: Geek in the #boardroom? Why #enterprises need #boardofdirectors w/…  

Pomegranate is a popular fruit. Pomegranate juice contains high levels of antioxidants and greater than most other fruit juices.

Join the Peninsula Regional Medical Center team! See our latest #job opening here:  #NursesRock #rngrads #scrublife

MunkMania 50 s! Your tweet has been liked by 50 people.  

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

i dont fucking care if u dislike/hate me, if u cant handle my personality then thats ur issue - not mine

Descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today, even i... More for Gemini 

Casually spraying the kid in front of me on the line w perfume   he's gonna smell super good when he gets home

"There is no reason for this many people to die of overdose...this does no have to be the new normal." Jordan Westfall at #candrugforum

hell no i was fucking her up 

#JohoVsOmar omar is more of a political activist while Joho is a political Bigwin, leader and a man of the people.Omar must loss mercilessly

QUINGINAAAA NOOOO JUST FUCKING NOOOO #DTBYStillTheOne

try me ugly cunt was allah sick or something YOU WILL BURN IN HELL (WHERE ALL MUSLIMS ARE) 

Horny threesome gets caught fucking in voyeur clip 

Would save us a fucking fortune! 

ICYMI: 26 communities throughout #BC have embraced the opportunity to increase their cycling infrastructure, 

We are different people with different backgrounds and experiences .We'll always have diverse opinions !!

Sweetest sight this morning when a learner was coaching another through a difficult fraction problem #RJLyear3 

Kent XI to bat first: Bell-Drummond, Weatherley, Denly, Northeast, Gidman, Stevens, Rouse, Coles, Tredwell, Harris, Claydon.

Great outing from Rapp and great weekends from Casey and Alu, but the Eagles were swept by the Hokies in Blacksburg 

Literally had to sleep a full night and. Full day to catch up on my   going back to sleep until 12am n I'll be back  lol

Rory McIlroy (-1) for the day through 6 holes. His round consisting of 3 birdies, 2 bogeys and 1 par so far!… 

Sincere apologies. Our substitute Drum Kit finalist, Andrew Burgess is in fact a student at Newbridge Comprehensive.

  YASSS It's time for #liveme's show   SaHar    TRR:  

More than 100 people were just killed in #Idlib.Get up, come out, demand justice for the people of Syria wherever you are. Justice. justice.

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at a shadowy criminal empire!  #TreCru 

Omm episodes 9 and 10 of 13 reasons why had me fucked up

This MY page, I can tweet wtf I want and idgaf who watching! Fuck a hoe thoughts and feelings!!

Don't ever speak to me keep like that boo I don't want your dirty dick

#NBA Wire: Alex Ovechkin, other players sound off on NHL's decision not to go to Olympics  

Lusty redhead gets her juicy pussy fucked while deepthroating 

NFL Week 17 picks: Redskins thumping Giants, Packers smashing Lions are locks 

Leading the way: University of Limerick students up for national media awards  

Podcast on Westworld from Shoot the Projectionist (first of two!) via /r/westworld  

I don't need someone who is perfect . I need someone who loves me , respects me , cares for me and understand me .    

Destinations Hipack 4-Piece Expandable Spinner Luggage Set - Black Print  

I pray that the Lord, who gives peace, will always bless you with peace. May the Lord be with all of you too. EDWARD ForPondsMen

Sending me a 4 paragraph DM about how you'd like to worship and adore me literally means nothing w/o that PayPal idiot

Times have changed. Days like this, Spurs would have lost 1-0 and we'd know that feeling. These boys never quit. #COYS

Hey I Just Met You And You Haven't Fucked Me 

most of the people at my traffic school are old and have to ask the instructor to repeat everything because they can't hear

I make the blogs with ya bitch cause I'm ruthless   

God Life Ministries Int'l Donation in Epworth,    powered by Dorcas Initiative Partners... 

#ThrowbackThursday Check out Brad Pitt's #career journey to fame. #ThursdayThoughts 

[#411Sports] AP source: Cowboys' Romo retiring, headed to broadcast booth (Yahoo Sports)... 

"Aargh St." by Filibuster is now playing on SKAspotRadio. Tune in at  #ska #skaspot

Blondie - Call Me   #Evergreens #Webradio #NowPlaying 

Breathtaking.....making money from the Presidency and his idiot supporters don't see a problem.... 

also i toooooooootally didnt ask for days off just to play persona 5, who dooooooes thaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat,

The marketing automation generation: Fulfilling the mandate for customer life cycle marketing… 

I just seen a video about lace eyebrows......  I AM FUCKING DONE!!!!

you think hiroshima inflicted a disease on the american psyche where they think they can just drop bombs and 'good' things happen

  YASSS It's time for a great show ROMEO•:#FeatureMe #CoinDrop #Givea  

>taking the HOW DO YOU DARE TO MISGENDER ME eant seriously >suddenly not smug bc I speak Spanish and bc a grill Cond… 

Yes, it's important to invest in surface transp. However, it's unclear how much of this is for "repair" and how much… 

Newspapers Bail on April Fools' Over 'Fake News' Concerns  

#Right  California pulls the trigger on “sanctuary state” status 

Attendance Awareness Month starts in September. Planning starts now! Will you join us?  

Repubs would not have the control they have any other politician had stood. No need for Dems to try and destroy the… 

We're #hiring! Click to apply: Associate Strategic Pricing Director -  #Legal #Durham, NC… 

Hannah Shimek drives in Emma Flugstad, then comes around to score. T4 Inglemoor leads Mount Si 11-3. 

Would you rather suffer extreme cold or extreme heat? — I DONT KNOW! Beethoven 793 

50 FUCKING MISSILES THOUGH....... I foresee both my protest attendance and alcohol consumption skyrocketing

A nigga you hate verified bc he's a raptors manager just slid into my dms and I'm peeing my pants

If someone makes an effort to stay and be there for u no matter how fucked up u are, those are truly the ones u need in your life ~

Dosmetic Violence Goes Beyond Violence between Husbands and Wives - Mrs Grace Ketefe. #WrahpTraining

Sign up and get fucked by a MILF at  

I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success. (Thomas A. Edison)

in a way I want to get cheated on at least once by a significant other so I can kill them with ring the alarm playing in the background

Waiting for Pepsi to continue their woke ad campaign with a #BlueCansMatter hashtag like 

You could cut the silence with a knife. I explained the new service was to accommodate the #fish Image:… 

Those two songs also seem to be the basis of 70% of Wild Nothing songs. Not really an insult since Wild Nothing is one of my favorite bands

Why the fuck would I do something for you I hate you?

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

#island school girls life sex video finger fucking masturbation 

Taxpayers who think they won't complete their returns on time should consider requesting an extension (it's easy). 

so are you proud of him for also banning the same people is attempting to save. HE is a crime against humanity. An… 

Day 8, YES 8, of chaos in Cork. And not a politician to be found. #busstrike 

Joss Whedon to Direct Solo Batgirl Movie for Warner Bros.  

So the workers at Meijers in Sandusky are assured of another paycheck. #JustDoingOurPart. #FeedingKidsIsExpensive

These are the cosmic waves you've been waiting for, so grab yo... More for Aries 

Omega 18K Solid Gold Seamaster Cal 471 Men's 1960 Luxury Dress Watch F105  

Being a bad bitch on the side, Might not appeal to fools like you.

The tower blocks blight London like broken teeth! They are unnecessary and are only there to enrich the greedy few. 

Citizens referendum not impacted by negative ruling on Constitutional Amendment to ban ‘RTW’. 

When your fixer hangs up the phone telling you to be safe because the political situation in the US is weirder than in the Congo  

#Putin has ended #US - backed #Terrorist rebels control of #Syria and for that US is mad as hell 

Buy Cheap Used iphone 6 for Sale in Package Verizon Wireless w Magpul Case Best  

Bill and Don sick fucks #Trump #HypocriteInChief 

#junkstatus Zuma must be Naive if not gullible to think he can challenge western imperialism , ask Putin, Rouseff, Mugabe, Gadaffi and Assad.

Lemon Calls President Trump A LIAR - CNN Hack Scripted Live Commentary A New Low 

New post on my blog: 365 Connect Tops List of High-Growth Companies With Induction Into NOLA 100 

North Carolina Captures March Madness Championship In Thriller  

Boko Haram Kidnaps 22 Girls And Women In North-east Nigeria  

Think about Adventure Island, but with multyplayer gameplay or destructable terrain, without the archaic graphics.

I don't think I've actually ever drawn Pete older than 15 and this is just a whole new experience for me 

Emergency Information Printable  #Emergency #Printable #Safety 

6 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Why do I have a 2 hour interview tomorrow just to apply for a fucking nhs card

My teacher thought I was a history junkie because I knew the writers of the Federalist papers. I literally only knew because of Hamilton lol

Why no Arsenal player wore captain’s armband after Koscielny’s injury against City Arsenal… 

Are you sure what side of the glass you are on? See the safety of the life you have built Everything where it belongs

Your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you... More for Gemini 

IF U NASTY THEN IM NASTY 2 N I FUCKS WITCHU CAUSE U A REAL 1

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

DT. have U ever apologized to MCCain? Obama-for your lies about his birth certificate? The disabled reporter? How b… 

Number crunching for the past day - 1 new follower and 2 unfollowers. Stats via 

she went the fuck off on him " I'm tired of you only hitting me up when you want nudes or when y'all 2 are having issues "

How many followers do you get everyday? I got 2 in the last week. Growing daily with 

Bloody asshole - Harry Potter 

Even if the whole world falls apart, you'll always be the light ay the end of the tunnel that I look up to.

Tim Kaine: Confirming Gorsuch jeopardizes women's rights  

So stay your socially awkward ass away from me and go exfoliate.

Anyone want to team up ffs? 30x30 or less   I also trade free follows   I have 200   I don't go first Liars blocked and reported tweet me <EMOJI>️

Gosh how I wish I saw this sooner! Asking if I can apply remotely or if there will be an extension 

i literally HAVE A FUCKING HEADACHE IDEK WHY. I SHOULD BE HEALED BC OF HARRY

Exclusive: Here’s What Vets Are About To Get From Trump’s VA  

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

I cannot stand freya oh my god this annoying ass bitch #TheOriginals 

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

The Concourse Look At This Fucking Asshole | Jezebel How ModCloth Strayed From Its Feminist Beginnin… 

Check out Behind the Scenes of the Golden Recipes: A New Series  #kitchology, #foodallergy

You ever fall in love then realize that she/he ain't shit and wasn't never going to be there in the long run .. yea me either   

We've been looking at what organisations can learn from the #tory #expenses #scandal HQ v's the workforce 

The servers are down but that doesn't mean you have to be! Join us in Discord: 

This Sunday - start at Mortimer's Wigan finish at Jaks <3 Mortimer's doors open at 8pm with 3-4-1 drinks <3... 

Kashmiri cricketers detained after wearing Pakistan team’s jersey in match  

It's nearly impossible to see the downside of a plan today. In... More for Sagittarius 

Opening Day is tomorrow and the Yankees roster is set. There are some exciting names...but not a 5th starter.… 

Excited for my next set of costumes - I figured out where I’m getting my Lekku so I’m one step closer to... 

I've not even been in Florida 2 full months yet and I'm already booking a flight home to visit this month   ‍

007IanFlemming: Did you know it's been 7 years since Pinterest first launched!? Pinterest Marketing Guide by Crazy… 

Nigel Farage jeered in European Parliament after accusing EU of ‘behaving like the mafia’ over Brexit… 

i kno this aint canon but tbh cyaron's leader should be you, AZALEA's dia and Guilty Kiss' yoshiko xndnaxmks

if you were a pokemon, you'd be lumineon cause you're pretty, but forgettable and not as cool as me

I see a lot of nasty ass people go out of a bathroom without washing their hands. And they go around opening other doors which we touch...

I asked my kids today what color I should paint my nails and they said PINK. Even thoe I'm not a fanbut like it for my   I'm gonna go with it

It turned out to be this mess ;_; but at least I tried... My birthday present for you, Jean. It took hours to finis… 

I'm getting sick and tired of this nigga giving us his samples and not releasing his songs   

NEW YORK YANKEES 2017 TRIBUTE 1 CASE 4X Index Card TEAM BREAK Topps Baseball  

You understand the importance of striking a balance between pe... More for Pisces 

#worldhealthday This health day lets spred the information about mental illeness to stop social humiliation on menatally ill people.

I am myself first, an amigo second, and a brother third. But I am the shoulder you can always lean on.

Found a Transponder Snail! A behind-the-scenes look at Galley-La Shipyard!  #TreCru 

NUKING THE SENATE FILIBUSTER and 60-Votes rules, launching 59 missiles. GOP launches a pro-Corp Judge at SCOTUS 

Thank you Gary for all your hard work, you make the place look beautiful.#FrontierCulture 

my mom was like if i was there i would've fucked her up    like i ran after her car and everythinggg

Ca$ablanca - Death From Above (Prod J.F.) (Stream) -  

Is the world willing to sacrifice #SouthYemen's Human Right to #SAYexit in order to please North #Yemen? #اليمن 

Come find us tomorrow at Springtime Tallahassee!! We are packing up tons of jewelry and Tallahassee t-shirts and... 

Come join me in #Selfiestan starting today with Gionee A1 and start clicking super...  by… 

(Amityville)Mareep 22.2% 0/10/0 Thunder Shock/Discharge Expires: 10:15:09am (28m 14s). 

Masked couple fucking in all ways 

#HackAlert Fri Mar 31 22:22:42 AEDT 2017 Failed password for root from 58.61.153.165 port 45977 ssh2

i dont even know why but this is the fucking funniest frame 

Who needs friends when you have Vermes, Dwyer and Saad? Brutal April fools! 

Not to mention the incentive it creates for the data collectors to politicize the process. 

Lmfao my mom would see this and compare me to her and tell me to stop Being lazy 

Looking at his team selection, here's passing a bill to change the coach's name to Brad HodgePodge. #GLvKKR #IPL

Donny wants the National enquirer to win a Pulitzer prize. Lol. #Trumprussia #impeachtrump 

i was playing with tracer and this team player was mercy and he was fucking lit i destroyed everyone with his help damn

Ea0005 12Pcs Tibetan Silver color cartoon animal design charms  

Everytime tops drop by fat pat plays I just wanna get tf up and dance with a bad bitch wtf

#Russia should act on the #DPRK in a surprize move. Shift the pieces of perception around, throw them off, shut them up.

My momma could tell you I almost fucked up my life.

Year 11 - you could even feel the RE brilliance by revising TWO units in one night...session number 2: 

#Healthcare NEW Studies in #Diabetes by Paperback Book Free Shipping  #Diabetic 

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

Apple iPhone 5 - 32GB - Black and Slate (Unlocked) Smartphone  

Don’t miss our latest #CaseStudy for information on effortlessly gathering feedback in the #healthcare industry. 

If this is correct it's a fucking disaster! 

I fucking hate my family they're so fucking annoying. Im never in fucking peace

How fucking sick is this? I hope the burglar gets cancer and goes blind.  

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

#CFB Anquan Boldin plans to play in 2017 and Ravens, Lions among potential suitors 

GMC C7500 (19970000)   #GMC #truck  Five O Motors 3220 West New Haven Ave. West 

Reality check: Brexiteers will not get what they wanted because May et al will exploit this situation...

Never Have I Ever - WAGS | Reality TV |1037213717| #Reality TV...  #realitytv

New temple coming in Pocatello, ID, my home town. How blessed we are for temples in the earth! #ldsconf

The cover of a book doesn't always reveal what's in the book. Be wise and check out today's #WisdomTidbit  

"Consumer Protection Due Process" recording from the National Health Law Program! 

Tributes paid to 'Mr Showbiz' theatre impresario following death at age of 81 #Bolton 

She laughs at my dreams, but I dream about her laughterb Strange as it seems, she's the one I'm after.

Just imagine how these kids feel. Most of them don't know a life without war. Imagine losing 19 family members in one day.

reach hands to ceiling alt reach left hand higher / right hand higher; keeping hands lifted bend at waist to left / to right; 30 x's ea

Holy fuck this cough is about to drive me insane  

My Ex and Whys (2017) HDRip: “My Ex and Whys” follows the story of Cali (Liza Soberano), a blogger who owns the... 

But the fact that it seems no one is even concerned that it could be is quite distressing. This is the fucking peak of normalisation. 11/

Bird gone try to keep him at all cost but if he unhappy as he seems they gone have to trade him can't let him walk 

Something must be envisioned before it can be built, and that is on every level. This truth is the strongest argument for a creator.

OPINION: However you cut it, Tesla is bigger than Ford, the Lex. Column says. 

American Airlines pilot dies on Dallas-Albuquerque flight. Plane lands without incident. 

i gotta pee so bad dawg i wish my suitemates would quit fucking playing

fundamental problem with the diadem is that in order for it to work, there has to NOT be, among the players there, a critical mass of--

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Specialized Temporary Office Assistant -  #KellyJobs #KellyServices #HR

The vote of #NoConfidence will never succeed as long as it's tabled by the DA. It will only unite the ANC.

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

Lmfao why is everyone I hang out with stupid as fuck

istg y'all are mad crazy. why does lauren always have to be fucking everyone she interacts with? when will y'all stop making assumptions?

My livestream will be delayed for next Thursday since I got like 3 mixes in total that I have to record. So be patient peeps. #edm #mixing

'Iron Fist' Is Weakest Marvel-Netflix Series, But Offers B-Grade Action Fun  

BREAKING: Kremlin Connection Confirmed – Look What Obama Official Was Paid 1 Billion To Do! - ... 

If they are right about the hereafter, I have paid my insurance, Senor. -Stanley Adams as Juan in Lilies of the Field #classicmovies

Nope. I'm pro Israel and I hate Islamism. But Assad is an asshole and must be dealt with. 

He is a complete cricketer. A dashing batsman, a good wicket-keeper and an useful part-time bowler. Kedar Jadhav Rocks. #IPL #RCBvDD

Rattle those sabres What has happened to the UK? Gone a bit loopy Royal Navy far weaker than it was during Falklands 

CAN WE ALL GIVE MY GAL KATIE FOR JUST BEING A BAD BITCH 

theyre trying to forfeit us cause we had to turn of cwl rules cause it was scorch even tho we 65 point clubbed them whats wrong with people

Beware I'm running on nothing but dirty thoughts and sarcasm today... Work is going to be a fucking hoot

"I need to make sure every time I leave the farm, all hell doesn't break loose." -Rick "Well, then maybe you should stop leaving." -Andrea

OH MY GOD! MY FUCKING O'BRODEN FEELINGS!    

"At the end of the day he is always going to be MY GARY"  HASTA LUEGO MARICARMEN. Shippando sin frenos me voy directa contra un muro, fuck

I wanna ask your ass to prom so bad but youll proba... — why do you say that :( 

'Invader Zim' is back to conquer earth in a new TV movie revival The empire of doom begins now! Well, not now.… 

Connect enthusiastically. Give relentlessly. And lead bravely. Do that, and the future is yours! – Ted Coine #quote

At least I left lmao. What are you still doing? Oh yeah, still getting cheated on     que dios te habrá los ojos niña!!!

★★★ Patriots Who Dare... Join our fight to save America! ➠ Click Here  #BB4SP 

Cause I swear to fucking god if I have to hear Donald Glover sing I Can't Wait To Be Queen... 

You always hear about Police shootings right when you least expect it.... Lets try to end that… 

/le drinks 627292039 bottles of holy water and jumps to holy han river to purify my dirty and pervy soul/ 

83 Street (North of 86 Avenue) – Lane Closure DISRUPTIONSIDEWALKVEHICLEAREA 4 EDMONTON, AB – April 5, 2017 –... 

Snow capped peaks in Fjordland national park in Queenstown, New Zealand. | Photo by Bryan Daugherty 

#RutgersUniversity Creates Game-Changing #BigData Program with #ZimmermanAdvertising 

CAN WE JUST TALK ABOUT HOW FUCKING LONG THE RAMP IS?!? ALSO THIS LOOKS LIT    #Wrestlemania 

everyones so fucked up imagine having that mentality

I was approved for bone marrow transplant at MD Anderson, yesterday. I have to wait 6-8 weeks for insurance... 

Joho: Migori Chaos was a calculated assassination attempt  

Iron Wind Battletech Nighthawk Battle Armor Pack MINT  

if i don't find a duo im gonna lose it. some people need to drop the fucking ego's

Listening to Born To Run by Bruce Springsteen, on the album: Born To Run - 30th Anniversary Edition (standard)

While adaptability is often a useful trait, your infamous stub... More for Taurus 

Cheating ex we fucked everywhere 

IM IN LOVE WITH THE SHAPE OF YOU, WE PUSH AND PULL LIKE A MAGNET DO ALTHOUGH MY HEART IS FALLING TOO, IM IN LOVE W… 

I doubt Trump is stupid enough to bomb Assads regime without having concrete evidence that he was at fault for the chemical attack...

I felt bad... Can't just be out here fucking niggas girlfriends like a heathen with no self control lls

 - Powering America's Manufacturing Renaissance: Foreign Robots 

A USA stolen by Russia for the account of the Sovietic maff! A maff for a poor reprentation and revenues!A maff fo… 

A Frozen Flower had me in tears. I don't know whether i love or hate this movie... either way, its a masterpiece     

New #training #resources from #LRES HLTAMB008 Assess and deliver standard clinical care 

Horny Valentina tries something new for consultation about her hot pussy and as 

#UK Scientists employing #technology that could have profound impact on the future of #humanity 

Angel Islington - Doorway into The Establishment - London Street Art on my Art Supply Run #art… 

(not to be confused by my segment with the same title in which i p;resent my video game review in the form of a video game)

I'm not being melodramatic here! I'm just stating the mother fucking fact you asshole!  

BBC News - Paedophiles, 101 and 96, lose sentence appeals  only the good die young, keep them jailed the sicko's  

derby day!! get me too anfield   up the fucking reds

Pikka - Color Picker Developer Tools Utilities | Mac App... #  

Appreciate that AG will miss battlin with ya. Tear it up will be watching brotha 

Let's reminisce over some old midlands football managers. What are your fave moments under ... Martin O'Neill #AVFC

Helpful Step Sis Gets Fucked While Talking On Phone With Dad 

I am so grateful for every way of how Allah try to suprise me. The hole of the dark i had been went to the way out is by His guidance.

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

Doesn't matter if I know anything about her or not - and I do BTW. I don't agree with you and unless you're getting p… 

Ha hahahha Forza juve you fucking cunts 

Conservative commentator Tomi Lahren sues former boss Glenn Beck for firing her after...  by… 

 Cat or Woman? Blue and Green eyes Pinback Button  

Gift For Fidget Cube Anxiety Stress Relief Focus Dice Bag Box Carry Case Packet  

Per Left twisted logic #StockholmAttacks would have just spurred Obama/Clinton to increase unvetted refugees from high terrorist risk areas.

The are back on. They have been threatened by one guy that I'd they don't behave he will push them off the bus. #toomuchcrack#sunsoutnutsout

I need a new website. I need you to design and build a website for my small business. We are manufacturer of so… 

#Quran is regarded as the finest piece of literature in the Arabic language #ep3_MandS 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Different strokes for different folks? Share with us what you think is the taste of great food. #foodmusings 

Guy Live Tweets The Moments After His Roommate Murdered Her Boyfriend In Their Apartment 

Since the left is already playing the race card, ill be clear..I want to know whos involved.,even if its obama..thats life

Did I just see a butterfly? Having late lunch on the back deck. Ps. I may need a new deck. #TyffsGarden

Found this randomly inside my wallet. Looks like from one of my fortune cookies. 

You're known for your resilience, and you're apt to put it to ... More for Capricorn 

It's raining cats and dogs at Melrose Park Elementary School! The rate of rainfall is a drenching 3.25 inches per hour.

If you get to see your boyfriend/girlfriend everyday, please. be. thankful. for. it. Do not, for one moment, take it for granted.

Believe in positivity. Always believe in your ability to achieve. Always believe in your ability to achieve.

Batch 3 in 3 days! #wildgarlic #chickensausages selling fast! #glutenfree too! 

You annoyed me every day for months you're a fucking moron

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

Brunette hottie Dana gets an interracial anal fucking -  -

Nigga at da end of the day we all would be gone, or somewhere else. and speakin about it is not gonna fucking matter!

Worcester Train 527 (6:20pm from S Station) departed S Station and is operating 5-15 minutes late en route to Worcester #mbta

Top story: GCHQ boss: 'We get crazy theories thrown at us every day' - BBC News  see more 

puerto rican girl getting fucked 

Why do people praise others for treating a mentally disabled person , like any other person? I think thats what we suppose to do. Tbh

Radio Social to open in April with a wealth of entertainment  #ROC #smallbusiness #NYSSBDC… 

SLIPPERS?? WITH MY UGLY ASS TOES?? NAH 

We like it too!   And are very appreciative of our Overleaf Advisors! Thanks for your advisorship! 

Parliament recommended to look at laws on issuing of birth certificates so it is easy to verify the real ages of girls in child marriages

Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is

Message me for more info on the best kept secret and opportunity in America today! 

When you hear people cooking for breakfast and you haven't even slept yet... 4:11am is my new 10pm   help    

Hindustani classical vocalist Kishori Amonkar passes away at 84, funeral at Shivaji Park today 

Dolphin wall clock. Large wall clock, Wall clock, Laser Cut, Wood, Wall, Art, Decor, Clock..… 

clash royal clash royale deck -->>  #clashroyale1 #clashroyalehack 

“Dorian Gray mice” grow indefinitely without aging  I feel like the field hasn’t come very far since 1993

do u understand how difficult my life is? i have to whisper all fucking day.

boy said "china's taiwan" ..... he had to have known he was gonna be in some deep shit 

#LosAngeles #TheBPMStation  #NowPlaying Vice Ft Jon Bellion - Obsession (Original Mix) (Cl

85-Year-Old Woman Gets Giant Blackhead Removed From Back. You Won't Believe What It Looks Like! 

I'm gay, I'm queer, I'm rocking real long hair and these haters needs to sit and find a fucking chair cheaaaa

Little Girl Blaming Super Loud Fart On Ghost Is The Most Amazing Excuse Ever 

They say forgive and forget, but I never forget the reason I had to forgive. KISSES New Trendsetter

Finally started watching Sun Records and oh boy am I weak in the knees/ready to dance around in a cute sundress to some Elvis tunes

2:03 AM and bitch i'm ugly as a mother fucker why didn't anybody tell me (they did)

they were in melbourne for two fucking days while i was in school i am still mad

I BEEN IALL DAY AND CNN DID NOT REPORT ON IT AND I HAVE A FEELING IF THEY EVER DO ;THEY WILL REPORT IT FOR 15 SECON… 

man it feels great to be able to have my windows open again *loud cat screeching in the distance* and that's why i have headphones :')

I was presented with the opportunity to purchase up to ten $2 bills tonight but I only had a dollar on me #maybeitwasordained

      these fucking lights just blinked off and I got so damn scared

OMFG I DONT WANT TO BE RUDE BUT I HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO DESIGN CHARACTERS ITS SO FUNNY AND CUTE SHJFGdv olOH.

Life is energy. And for the longest time, you had no drive. Life was not attracted to you. Live you to live life. Live life to live life.

tojiko god damn get feet the mima joke is over HOLY CRAP

He's like. "DON'T TOUCH MY HINATA SO CASUALLY. DAMN IT!"  

One of my favorite quotes etched in stone under the clock tower on campus. #dixiestateuniversity #studentlife 

Massive outbreak of amnesia hits Republicans, punditry on Supreme Court procedure 

ARTICLE: Atlanta Hawks: Is Rebuilding the Best Route to Contending? -  

Im seeing hella articles but where is the fucking pepsi advert!?!?!

Appreciate my dad taking me to go get a car but his choice in music taste on the way there is fucking dreadful

Top story: Three White House officials tied to files shared with House intellig…  see more 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

#nowplaying Metallica - until it sleeps [4 Listeners] Web:  Media:  #np

Seago Line lands profit of USD 75 million in a challenging year for the shipping industry. 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

*OFFICER MADDEN FAMILY HOUSE ON THE BLOCK THEY USED TO HAVE *WEENER DOGS SCARED THE SHIT OUT OF US. BUT THIS GATE T… 

omg my favorite tv show finale                                   #GrimmFinale super loved it amazing will miss them on tv for sure loved IT

Trying to make a band in Portland, Oregon..FML..know anyone who can sing or know instruments? No acoustic plzzz!..

So Stern I'm fucking you off, I'm not going alright? I'm not gonna give you any chance to turn… 

WhatsApp will launch its first digital payments service in India  

Paint a perfect picture, bring to life a vision in one's mind, the beautiful ones always smash the picture, always... every time

He can most definitely rap his ass off; he just doesn't have the vision. I can't fw the vision if you don't posses it

Diego Costa signed Chelsea 2016-17 home shirt NEW Large mens Sale  #CFC #ChelseaFC 

me and eddie fucked up every dance at artesia every chance we got

So inhuman the grim collapse of Zimbabwe's basic healthcare system. Rhodesia Prime Minister Ian Smith must be turni… 

Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work to get better. KISSES ShinesAtTradeLaunch

god THEY AUDIENCE IS SO FUCKING CLOSE TO THE STAGE THEY COULD TOUCH HIS FEET ARE THERE NO BARRIERS JESUS

Do it for the Bloods tonight boys!    #AFLDogsSwans #ProudlySydney #GoSwans 

Putting a cop accused of homicide on #60Minutes used to be considered crazy. It might be genius. 

The Gorsuch Tally: Where senators stand on court nominee - More than half of Senate Dem...  

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Stockholm, S for now (06h58m02s UT): 04°37'22.1'' #Cancer (AC) / 15°50'35.6'' #Aquarius (MC)

The government is lying! They have been lying about Social Security for decades why would we trust them now? 

such a happy energetic jump #NowPlaying Headroom - Audio VIP by Cause4Concern ♫ 

You're not my prisoner, you're my other half. I'm not gonna treat you any less than I'd treat myself.

Pawnshop babe fucked on the table 

Inventor Of The Worldwide Web Just DESTROYED Trump’s ‘Disgusting’ Bill To Sell Internet History… 

wtf is your problem!! fucking check your brains la sia EYYYYY is2g i wanna rip ur head apart and bij u thought u 3 yo is it cb

I just made a fool of myself like 8 times in this fucking Taco Bell

I get taken for granted, when I've been nothing but real and honest with everyone. I can take shit for granted too.

i can deadass block and report this bitch 63849585 times but she'll still find a way into my feed i'm pissed off bye

See a virtual tour of my newest #listing 8 East Hague Drive #Antioch #IL  

The Unique Boutique is whipping up some awesome spring creations - and using this super cool drill press!… 

i can literally tell if a person subscribes to the Great Man theory, it is always immediately obvious

IndieGameDevBot RT CBennettDesign: Feeling Fence-y? Going through some materials in class, what are people's methods of doing double sided …

Government non-committal on granting nationwide farm loan waiver  

If the "worst" thing one can say about D. Rodman is that he wears a dress as it relates to being "homies" w/KHU...we deserve those n*kes SMH

Found a Transponder Snail! Oars comes back as a henchman of Moria?!  #TreCru 

Forget unfollowers, I believe in growing. 1 new follower in the last day! Stats via 

Got Me Tipsy Morning Medicine Funny Coffee Mug - Birthday Gift Idea for Him or Her, Mother's Day.. 

"Her Son Couldn't Open His Chocolate, But When Mom Did, She Found THIS Inside 

If just thinking about your bf/ or gf can instantly put you in a better mood you know it was meant to be!!

Dudes next job I get someone else is going to verbate my interviews. *Danny Glover voice* "getting too old for this shit"

IIT ALWAYS SEEMS TO FUCKING RAIN WHEN I WASH MY FUCKING CAR

My uncle paul newman thinks it is a horror story that my father james byron dean has so many daughters i have so many sisters families a 

  Y'all ever met a fuckboy mad cause he a fuckboy  tampons on sales ...don't try to play me 

Internet Comes For Bigot Who Claims Gays 'Stole The Rainbow From God'-to say Fischer is an ass is an understatement 

listen,, if they think warren is the beauty and laura the beast,,, we gotta talk 

I've just watched episode S01E10 of 13 Reasons Why!  

#girl posing to get fucked couples sex home videos 

Quit worrying about how your fucking man is going to be and focus on helping your kid stupid ass...Some people are just to stupid

omg but can i say. the screams from girls in the crowd for jeongyeon......yall 

The greatest deception people suffer is from their own opinions; they will be miserable lest they should fall into… 

Douglas Carswell MP Clacton-on-Sea GILES WATLING FRINTON-ON-SEA WARD = CARROLL TRUST = MARK FIELD MP WESTMINSTER 

just unfollow me omg i know what i'm saying is fucked up

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

When its raining outside and you cant move out... a game of pool always helps! 

monstercocks fucking prettyboibooty 

Already declare the promises and plans and faithfulness of God DONE. It is DONE and it is already in place, already in motion! God's got control.

Even after acquittal by Court, Hindu Saints are not granting bail. #WeWantFairJudgement 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

15000 High Retention Youtube Views and 50 likes for $5: 100% Safe and quality Views at best Price Guaranteed.…  #seo

I thought the new Imfact music video should be out already but the i realised it said 12pm not 12am in KST :(

NEW #France's Best Trips - Provence and Southeast France Trips (Chapter) Lonely Planet  #lp... 

Susan Rice will be remembered for lying -- about Benghazi, about Bergdahl, about political use of intelligence agencies, about unmasking...

All I've been thinking about lately when William deploys for a year I don't know how I'm going to do it....

I played the Search the Waves mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 10 #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight 

20 are hacked and beaten to death at a Pakistan shrine  

Her husband filmed her fucking his friend 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Highlander Partners Forms Candy Company Bettera Brands LLC - Gourmet Retailer #Gourmet 

#IFTA17 Best Production Design Award Winner is Derek Wallace for #TheSecretScripture. Congratulations Derek! 

The Uncle Sam ‘I Want YOU’ poster is 100 years old. Almost everything about it was borrowed. 

We need to focus on the republicans and 2018. Eliminate gerrymandering, voter suppression, registration purges. No more unopposed seats!

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Trying to set a whole new life up for myself is tiring, can I just win the lottery so I don't have to work   

Trying diplomacy is fine. Being suckers, or exaggerating achievements is another. 

I always plan to do so much work in half term, but everyday I find myself thinking "I'll defo start tomorrow"... and tomorrow never comes 

NEW!UNO Sensor Starter Kit for ARDUINO Clock Sensor LED Resistor Breadboard Wire  

Is the APC a bumbling Eunuch or a retarded Infant?  

Autotuned singing animals absolutely nailed the Duck Tales theme song  

Your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today, bringi... More for Virgo 

The Great NZ Muster 2017 #tekuiti #wherelegendsaremade #legendarytekuiti #shearingNZ 

Consumers shouldn't be misled by fruit pictures, when there is little to no #fruit in the product! 

Growing up doesn't mean that we don't make mistakes, it means that we learn from the mistakes we've made - Randomly made up quote of the day

I finished my bouquet made of book paper!  #weddingplanning #weddingringshopper

when your flash player gives up playing shit and you know that work u have to do now? aint gonna happen, sweetie.

It's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today... More for Aries 

i just started feeling sad out of nowhere but then i realized that it's because i fucking keep forgetting to take my antidepressants..i suck

Brodeur stops 50, Generals win Game 1 – Ontario Hockey League  

amazing how many girls I grew up with that on instagram are bragging about "grinding." You're selling pussy grinding those walls away maybe

"Cannabis producers lobby government ahead of legalization legislation" #cannabis  

Senate hearing to focus on Russian disinformation tactics  

Guess what time it is??? The Stanley Resort is now open     #stanleyfun #hellosunshine… 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Get nasty with Bitchy slut! To play nasty games Check it out!  

Mom: Why are u always wearing sweats around the house? Me: Do u want me to wear my quince dress? Mom: STOP BEING A FUCKING SMART ASS    ‍

#Belarus eliminated all PFM-1 #APLandmines and completed #stockpiledestruction obligations under MineBanTreaty …

In Auckland our weather is wet. But we ain't wet *and* cold like ... um elsewhere. 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

New fence in Toftwood. Few problems with hidden drainage but end results look spectacular.… 

People not understanding basic design principles pisses me off even tho it shouldn't and it's not my prerogative I'm sorry

You're the happiest when you are free to flit from one activit... More for Gemini 

Please RT #beauty #makeup This Disabled Activist Refuses to Be Fetishized by Men | Dispelling Beauty Myths |… 

GO TO HELL STUPID PROFESSOR 

Omg too many people want my attention right now and I just want to lie in bed for 7 hours please call back later or leave a message bye

Janet Jackson 8 Inch x 10 Inch Photograph Nutty Professor II: The Clumps Poetic Justice Black.. 

anyway i love ashton more and more w each day he is the greatest thing that could have ever happened to me tbh

#mom and teens fucking wired orgasm gif 

Oh my fucking god. What is this? 

#sophie moon fucking brazil twins 

Broken! #JudiciarySquare #B02N03. Status is Service Call. Last broke earlier today. 

And we had movie nights and bon fires and sleepovers and here's a fucking shock, he was never a creep.

Normally, you're more than happy to go along with a friend on ... More for Sagittarius 

Growing the research and practice network for occupational therapy and criminal justice in reentry and workplace health a… 

I see them corny niggas that use to get fucked up in school is the wave for y'all shorty's now.

#umd porno pic of nude moms fucking son 

)Real people reveal sexy moments that failed -funny moments in bed? - we decided to have sex on the chair 

Depression is an illness and not a character weakness. Depression can be treated. What treatment is best and how... 

DES MY FUCKING MENTIONS ARE BLOWING UP DHXHDHD 

a vineyard dogs life . . . #bohemiamanorfarm #chateaubudewinery #construction #mdwine… 

#DonaldTrump - Trump may strike North Korea BEFORE Kim Jong-un can attack US, former military chief…  - - - #trump

been home for less than 24 hours and my parents have told me to get a haircut literally about 20 times?? STOP IT, I AM TWENTY

To all the wonderful people I get to spend my summer w I promise you it's going to be beyond what you can imagine.   

but we're still going to build that idiotic wall... 

Seems like no matter how much we try (if at all, really) to avoid #war /foreign entanglements, govt 'finds' a way to get involved.   #WWIII

Unique Coffee Mug "Coffee because crack is bad for you" brown ceramic mug by CyberGlassware on Etsy 

Sauna therapy is an ancient method of detoxifying and healing the body, mind, and spirit. When… 

I may not dwell on all that is happening in the middle east and this crazy world we live in because I stay away... 

How crowdfunding helped a German college grad create a social network to take on Twitter  by… 

(Aight...aight. What about them bald headed bitches right there?) These right here? These are the pawns...

Stick Out Your Tongue. Do You See Wavy Edges? You Better Know This Before You Wake Up In The ER 

Tired of missionary? With bitchy beauties try anal! Check it yourself!  

Who's in? Outside Bike and Brew Festival is coming back to Santa Fe May 18-21. New rides include a different Tour... 

#nowplaying #TranceFamily #IrishTranceFamily Cass and Slide - Perception (Vocal Mix) 

#Europe: LIVE: UN Security Council holds emergency meeting on US missile strike in Syria 

“The LORD is my rock, my fortress and my deliverer; my God is my rock, in whom I take refuge, my shield and the ho…” 

#LittyPalooza is back    Saturday April 29th   Foam Glow Sticks•Alcohol Gummy bears•3levels, 4 djs     6

My followers are in USA(28%), South Korea(16%)... Get your map too:  

Getting ready for the Trans Am race this weekend at Homestead-Miami Speedway. #ferrea #ferrearacing... 

I could never be a SAHM bc my child just shit through 3 diapers in 30 min. There's no way we could afford all these pampers on 1 income.

While #Tweet4Taiji and Japan fight, who would ever suspect that we are actually the largest dolphin and whaler on earth? 

On Mastodon you don't tweet, you toot. Which sounded silly to me but then tweeting sounded silly back in the day too

I hate when I get clothes back from the cleaners and my shit got creases and I tell them don't crease my shit !

I wanna see LA get fucked over and 6ers walk away with Fultz and Tatum or Jackson

Federer: Hewitt Made Me A Better Player #RogerFederer  

University of Florida/Sid Martin Biotechnology Institute Receives ... - PR Newswire (press release) #Biotechnology 

He was introduced today but he already has a FS. And the number of RTs for this are no joke! THIS IS YUKHEI'S IMPAC… 

The same men laughing at this are the ones who get upset over girls only liking guys over 6 ft. 

So hypocritical. You are the one responsible for your actions. No integrity here. 

I thought she lost it overnight, but she just sauntered into the living room with the damn ball in her mouth. Trying to make me look bad.

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Encouragement From Dr. Hank: "You Shall NOW!" My Friend, I want you to pay attention to what I have to say... 

Ten years after her own prom in Arizona, an Arizona boy asks #EmmaStone to his prom by invoking #lalaland. 

Anonymous said: Hi I want to transfer from BA Political Science to Bachelor of Public Administration but I... 

BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK ALL THE THINGS!!!!!!!!!!!!! #Wrestlemania #Wrestlemania33

Pleased to say we will be playing #YNOTFESTIVAL this year on a stage amongst many friends and great bands. Its gonn… 

what a horrible fucking feeling to go through again    

Subscribe to UKURBANSFINEST YOUTUBE CHANNEL BEST IN MUSIC and ENTERTAINMENT 

About 13 students from Heartland Lutheran will perform “A Fly on the Wall” this weekend for the public.… 

Blackbird Pizza, Grindcore House, and Dottie's Donuts with these idiots    

#TBT To when my tongue matched my outfit... aka my Birthday pictures! My cake had blue icing lol… 

assad has done this before remember...but the giant had just told him they didnt see him as their concern 

It's not about who's wrong, it's not about who's right. It's about the fact that I think about you every single night.

hostname: HOST2, date: 2017/04/02 14:02 uptime: 14:02:09 up 44 days, 15:51, 0 users, load average: 0.00, 0.00, 0.00, cpu temp: 55.6°

Have you heard ‘DuffleBag(Prod by LrdaProducer)’ by LilLr21 on #SoundCloud? #np  #Beats

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I love these dresses #crossdresser #crossdressed #maninadress #manwearingadress 

What is the Trump administration's foreign policy? He doesn't want to tell you. 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

IMPROMPTU LIVE: WE ARE LIVING IN THE WORST CASE SCENARIO VOL 7 -  

The Compass Church supports 65 singles and families serving around the world. As we pray for them and the... 

well i went to go try my hand at it anyway but i'm not the op's friend so can't comment. oh fucking well maybe i'll just msg my acquaintance

You feel invincible because everything you do now furthers you... More for Cancer 

"The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own.” ~ Albert Ellis

Some people think say your life no go dey kampe if they leave. My blooda you had better carry yourself and ipako dey move . You no be Jesus.

Black Lotus Kult's Kindle Cimmerian just finished performing at the Cues and Tattoos Saturday Showcase as part of... 

"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!"-Audrey Hepburn #business #quotesforlife

Bilzzard Wins $8.5 Million Against Big Time Cheat Maker  #Movie_News #according #first

What like advice would you give someone in their early 20's? by Lukasz Laniecki 

Mechanic / Vehicle Technician - Gillingham Job: HGV Mechanic Salary: andpound;27,052 Location: Gillingha...

Nasty wet bukkake lesbo threesome 

You Worried About Somebody Bein Ugly... Bitch You Ugly...

Today is #NationalBeerDay! We've provided professional services to some of today's top microbrewers and brewers in… 

In Honolulu, just bred this hot guy cause my hole wasn't prepped! Such a sweet body and hole! 

Did George W. Bush Describe President Trump’s Inauguration as ‘Some Weird Sh*t’?  

No kidding, I thought he would at least pay his taxes, treason? Well it isn't like not paying ur taxes. Oh! Trump d… 

I'm so fucking done just had someone steal 100 dollars from me

Cleared Jobs TX | Senior Professional Programmer Analyst (Umbrella ...  #securityclearance 

We're so proud of our VFA Fellow, Laura! She has an immense amount of passion and is helping us make great strides. 

04:36 CEST: Temperature: 5.8°C, Wind: SW, 3 kph (ave), 4 kph (gust), Humidity: 68%, Rain (hourly) 0.0 mm, Pressure: 1011 hPa, falling slowly

to commit those war crimes. We can argue about the response but baseless excuses for evil are just baseless excuses for evil /end

Creating textures through the mirror by ElizabethBorges girl,light,me,beautiful,black and white,female,art,nude,sel… 

life update: my friends and i were having a moan off yesterday and 3 teachers walked in with very confused faces

Transgender People Share Photos Of Their Transition Period And They're Beautiful 

Law and Order SVU ALL Season 1-17 Complete DVD Set Collection Series TV Lot 1-17  

Global Cyber Governance in 2017: Information Integrity  

Tatiana Kush fucking like it aint no thing 

In the Brexit Candy Mountains, The streets are paved with gold. And you can talk like you own the globe Just like in days of old.

OPINION: One Way or Another, Confirm Judge Gorsuch - Fox News: Fox News OPINION: One Way…  #TopStories #paedobritain

♧ Vintage Sears Wheat Design Crock Canister Set ~ Cream and Brown Color Hurry Now!  

Congrats to him      they always sleep on him and he always come out strong 

Light in August by W. Faulkner ...thoughts? I'm thinking about reading (starting) this over the weekend.

Standards Act 8/2008: New, amended and cancelled standards have been gazetted for 31 March 2017 

GA6. Karen Handel? S.Perdue's SOS -rob teachers of promised Nat.Certif. pay. Then ran S.G.Komen cancer fund and DUMPED P.Parenthood #Ossoff

Ukraine`s international reserves shrink to $15.1 bln in March  

Ladies who have been pregnant, what's a bodily sign that made you suspicious of being pregnant besides missing your… 

plus i should have like $200 credited to my account   mfs got me fucked up

Bubble butt teen deepthroat huge cock. Free Access to Big cock loving teens:  

Feuding Trump aides meet and agree to end 'palace intrigue': source  #Business #Markets #News 

Your life is a study of extremes today. On one hand, you're in... More for Virgo 

CVE-2017-5887 WebSocket.swift in Starscream before 2.0.4 allows an SSL Pinning bypass because pinning occurs in ... 

"When talk to Misa)"At night.. Moon light is so good.. I like it.. I wanna see it again with Alois..."-Koryu Trancy #ownquotes

Because people are retarded that's why. 

Honestly everyone should take a break from their weekend to look through Bobby Hill GIFS. They're sublime. 

Aniuta gunning for autumn launch soonist for overseas (read: America), and yeah 5 bucks as I noted before.… 

Understanding the Building Blocks of English Language -  - 

Makes an appearance as Robin at a comic book hero dance...sees a random kid dressed as Link...right on, kid. Right on.  

#NEWS #THIRTHROCK This Cannabis Patch Relieves Fibromyalgia Symptoms And Diabetic Nerve… 

Weird episode of #TheDaily today: Coal miner w stage-3 black lung argues mining can be safe—and regulation is to blame for danger it poses.

IM SO PISSED LMFAO IM NOT EVEN GOING TO MY FUCKING MOMS ANYMORE.

40 Official Photos Of Barack Obama Reveal Why He Was The Coolest US President 

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Rubio: Russian hackers targeted campaign staff twice  

Can you taste the fake sweetness of your own smile? The faulty in your words? To be real you must acknowledge the parts of you that are not.

Stockholm’s metro stations are a glorious riot of art and color : TreeHugger #arte #art #Movilidad 

I love it when Americans have no clue why you’re in Russia or what you do other than green light dictators and murd… 

How the #Russians can back the claim that Assad bombed a rebel chemical weapons store is beyond me. Damning evidenc… 

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

my fucking Facebook feed omg   

Police: Man, 25, had child porn on Nintendo set he sold to GameStop; Charges filed  

well, you know what they say...where there's smoke there's fire! sorry, too easy but the pic demanded that respons… 

Stop!!!! Dude!!! Fucking stop!!!!         

Kushner Omitted Meeting With Russians on Security Clearance Forms  #trumprussia

if you are looking for real soundcloud plays... Dm me and lets start your promotion for a very small fee 

you will have days when you feel unworthy of love and days when you feel great and all kinds of day are valid

..andRETURN THE PARTY TO IT'S SOCIALIST ROOTS AND TRADITIONS! Workers of Scotland! the OPPERTUNIST SNP are tearing the country apart! ACT NOW!

This Man Has Had 23 Surgeries To Look Like Superman And Then Was Forced To Stop 

idiot boy came trundling up the stairs and woke me up by smorching my face

Congrats to Sarah Harrison who won the DIversity Award for her illustration. this won the diversity award.… 

Wind 6.7 mph NW. Barometer 1020.4 hPa, Falling. Temperature 14.1 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 61%

 #shoes 2017 Nike Air More Uptempo Asia Hoop Pack Men Red Black White size 11 Chicago

Pistons gave Reggie that big contract and now he can't even get off the bench. Lmao   

My dad doesn't say much anymore with the Alzheimer's, but out of nowhere today he told my mom he thinks about her all day. #heartisbreaking

and#8216;Human waste’ found in Coca-Cola cans at company plant sparks police probe - 

Those who follow the mass mindset are akin to sardines. To become something stronger, you need to Adapt 

I'm having a great time in Germany and I loved traveling this whole week but I'm ready to come home  

Today's lineup! A fantastic trek through the forest with this wonderful lot   #packwalk #labrador #spaniel... 

If you'll see me holding up my middle finger to the world. Fck ur ribbons and ur pearls. Cause I'm not just a... 

“Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.” ― Joan Crawford

Well, even after a #Rawaftermania #Raw is still bland, same old one hit wonders, random call ups, sheep and laboured trash. Goodnight.

These jokes are so funny but my brain won't stop telling "why you laughing hoe you gonna die soon" #AmericaIsOverParty

Trust me I had a chance of loving someone else since him. But I had other plans in mind. And I'm sorry things ended the way they did.

Check out the best properties available in Phoenix and surrounding areas. Anything catch your attention? 

I will invite you to 350+ PINTEREST boards with 10 million followers  

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

Alt facts on how Trump bought the Minnesota Twins  #trump #minnesota #twins 

Update: idk if I fucked it up but if I did, thank God  

Long-range subsonic #Tomahawk cruise missile costs roughly $1.5m 50kg air-to-ground #Hellfire rockets cost an eye-watering $115,000 each

The latest Socialish Picks: Tweets on Social!  #socialmedia #socialmediamarketing

the NOTICE fan -gets noticed by all of FOB -has 30+ replies -followed by the FOB acc -envied by the whole fandom -highkey lucky

That's #TGIT. They make you fall in love with ships and then they break your heart. Sorry. I'm done. #TheCatch

This is an important ethical question. I haven't considered until seeing that picture. I will meditate on this. 

wonder if Fakenews hired her since Roger is know out .. but she is an idiot 

im so mad oh my god fuck this country fuck trump and his stupid ass

RETWEET #kard and MAKE on  to show how much you want a show in your city! #NowMaking

Damn it just leave people alone. Let them live their lives with their families. They want the same things we all do. 

"cum drinking Dick banging ass" i'm disgusted 

Why the fuck would Piscotty ever try to steal a base? Jesus christ.

IT   WAS   A   REFERENDUM   ON   THE   EU   NOT   ON  BRINGING   BACK   THE   1950s   

can he please not be difficult and just fucking record it when he's supposed to

#BBNaija: Just like me, she is half Romanian, half Nigerian – OAP Freeze as he declares…  

2 pitches into Nats game and I'm already annoyed with Carp telling me speed of every pitch. Gonna be a long season

♮‡ #Vintage #Barware - #Steampunk Wine Bottle Stopper w Stand - Kodak Folding Camera - #Etsy  

Devin Nunes: No, I won’t share my source with the other members of the House Intel Committee… 

Proof of Insanity: Repeatedly attacking your Political Opponent, without being sparked, 5 Months After the Electio… 

Why the fuck do females always bad mouth their exes? I'll tell you , cuz their ass isn't over him!! Dumb bitches

I can't even look at the screen during this piece of shits entrance. Just looking at Roman makes me sick. FUCK YOU REIGNS! #WrestleMania

After an ... interesting ... ground-ball push call goes against #Syracuse, Molloy makes a big save on ND's Constabile to keep Cuse up one.

Shooter you dumb ass. YOUR WIFE'S ASSISTANT!!! Fuckin idiot #LHHATL

These 10 Astonishing Lost Treasures Are Real, But Nobody Can Seem To Find Them 

Niggas that sit around the house all day and don't do shit but smoke weed all day  ‍  don't come my way ion like that shit

There is more to marketing than just tweeting. It's WHAT you tweet. Hit my DM to discuss how a #TWEETBLAST can work for your project.

Some interesting examples of free childcare and maternity leave pay policies from #Malta at #BIMRCWP.

Brutal #Anal #Orgasm makes her pussy flow  #Sex #Porn 

I would never have the patience for short track racing. Treat it like a demolition derby   #NASCARonFS1

Tillerson says 'new strategy' on North Korea in the works after Trump meets Chinese president: 

I swear to God those trying to absolve Assad, those supporting Assad,leftists rightists no matter what you are,you have blood on your hands.

WTF WE ARE AT WAR AND THIS MOTHERFUCKER IS ON VACATION?! #MaraLagoisntthewhitehouse #impeach #impeachtrump #fucktrump

Founder of OTT standing on the steps of SC State House! Doing whatever it takes to make a… 

I know y'all are questioning the believability of the show right now, so am I. Nonetheless,… 

Get to Know Russia's Answer to the A-10 Warthog in the heat of battle training of our pilots makes the Warthog unbeatable

/ *chockes self badly* bc i have to do TWO birthday posts for bitch ass roselia

Favstar_Bot: BigRadMachine 10 s! Your tweet has been liked by 10 people.  

God sends people who tell me they admire my spiritual growth oko when I'm feeling low. That brings joy to me

after that chat they had to leave and left together and HENRIK WRAPPED HIS ARM AROUND TARJEIS SHOULDERS I ALMOST DIES OMG

So the Tories are going to edit the laws we get from EU but not put them to the rest of the house? Deary me, we're fucked #brexit

Creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p... More for Pisces 

#NBA | Hawks, Bulls, Pacers y Trail Blazers lideran lucha por boletos a playoffs |  

Found a Transponder Snail! Killer rabbits?! Amazing fauna on one winter isle!  #TreCru 

You have all the power to change anything in your life, because you are the one who chooses your thoughts and feels your feelings.

Tomorrow is Nerd day don't forget your overalls, plaid shirts, and pocket protectors 

You feel invincible because everything you do now furthers you... More for Cancer 

I want an electric scooter but I have no money and I'd probably just runaway or something if I had one

We think our cash cow is beautiful     Do you love cash cows?? Pls ReTweet   

I AM FUCKING ATTACKED I TELL YOU. FUCKING HURT 

Ain't judging very scaring yet beautiful proposal, but almost felt like I was watch episode of 1000 ways to die!! H… 

VodafoneIN: iamsubzz Please allow us some time, while we check with the concerned team and get back to you with an update. - Puneet

THE GOAT Tag Team, welcome to Raw, boys. Also, don't mind me, I was totally fangirling about my best friends being… 

You prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg... More for Libra 

Solar Wind Chimes Colour Changing LED Outdoor Garden Wind Chime Metal Decor Bell  

okay im cambodian but most of my classmates were hispanics mainly mexicans and they would fucking tell me all these stories from their

Please RT if you like!! #architecture #design #architects #interiordesign Alfred House / Austin Maynard... 

Very old wall as texture close up in the sunshine  #background #beautiful #beauty

Just dropped my phone in mayonnaise Fucking Hellman!!!

I'm so fucking done with this show man     #TWDFinale

His mom asked me what my dream wedding would be, and I had to be honest: I've never really thought about it.

Run a biz in #Hawaii? Add your biz to our Hawaii business directory >   #RACB

JUST IN: Devin Nunes' White House Accomplices Revealed - This Is Unbelievable 

Shia LaBeouf Thriller ‘Man Down’ Sells Just One Ticket at U.K. Box Office  #Hollywood #news

When Sophie realised shop mannequins were not representing wheelchair users, she went ahead and designed a... 

Dj Kool would tell me like... King! You don't wanna be behind them turn tables forever, invest your money!!!... 

You're the happiest when you are free to flit from one activit... More for Gemini 

Lance Stephenson is back doing Lance Stephenson type things  

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

“Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.”—Paul Boese #Forgiveness #LettingGo 

Funny when people say they don't lie nomo they expect yu to believe everything they say from that point on like nawww

CNN's article on the man from Syria who lost 25 family members in 1 day including his set of twins, wife, and parents was so heartbreaking.

And this man is basically my brother. He is the first one I call when I have any problems. He does so much but has… 

Thought it was Friday now I'm so unbelievably fucking pissed!!!       Cli-hoe

On Electro Party Hits:  This Is Love ft. Eva Simons #webradio #electromusic #electro 

AUTHENTIC MICHAEL KORS Large Black Leather Jet Set Snap Pocket Tote Bag  

Celtics lose and it was not good. They get their rude awakening that the Cavs are in fact on a different level and LeCoast is real.

#Buzz Clooney Pal Cindy Crawford Spills The Beans On Babies’ Sex  via #Globalbuzzlive 

But WHATEVER it's just a silly thing and like I guess I'll do it but bc she asked specifically for more followers instead of -

The Pistons are on life support, with the chances of finishing .500 completely gone. READ:  

Bendon Reading Discovery Bundle - Animals of the World  #toy #bendoninc. 

We cater to the needs of all ages and strive to make a positive difference in every life we touch  #Orthodontist

Honeywell RCHT8610WF Lyric T5 WiFi Thermostat605423O13  

Found a Transponder Snail! A tearful farewell: The Going Merry's last voyage.  #TreCru 

4 book coloring maze and puzzle book bundle for kids. In PDF delivery ready for copying. #coloring #kids #puzzles… 

Don't you just hate them " I got the car as niggas" so they feel like that's them contributing to the L soo they throw no money down  

pls don't try flaming me when ur homophobic comment making ass LITERALLY looks like Sid from Ice Age     

Police release suspect image after man sexually assaulted at Bloor-Yonge Station  #Toronto

let's just say I've never felt so much love before and I couldn't be happier than with my boy  

I can lose my home training any fucking where.. You will tell me if you bought it for me... Abi you borrowed me mo… 

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

WHEN WE CHANGE THE WAY WE LOOK AT THINGS, THE THINGS WE LOOK AT CHANGE! – Dyer 17 

Special needs school picks up a ZERO food hygiene rating from horrified inspectors - The Sun  

Enigmatic Dead Sea ‘Copper Scroll’ Reveals True Locations of Lost Temple Treasures 

2007 Ford Crown Victoria Police Security Fully Equipped ~ No Reserve! ecurity POLICE Movie CAR Fully EQUIPPED Low …… 

"Ah—! . . D-Don't cry, Mystie!" Displays a pout upon noticing the female's eyes were watering. "I-I don't know ab… 

The Psychology of Internet Advertising  #internetmarketing #advertising 

Watching Carry On Cleo. Pretty much grew up on these movies too. I didn't get all the jokes back then.   

360 Rotating PU Leather Smart Case Cover with Stand For Apple iPad mini 4 4th  

Someone: Hi... Me: HARRY IS RELEASING SIGN OF THE TIMES TOMORROW HARRY IS RELEASING SIGN OF THE TIMES TOMORROW

"We" especially means the media. Their efforts Thursday evening were apallingly naive. 

Talking with a friend about your long-term goals helps clarify... More for Gemini 

GODDAMMIT I HATE BROCK LESNAR. HIS MATCHES ARE FUCKING BORING.

bobbi billard fucked porn videos 

My brother...I couldn't save...my nephew...I couldn't save...my niece...I couldn't save...says the man holding... 

03-30 A student cleans the ground as opposition activists sleep... #berehove  #berehove

when #13ReasonsWhy fucked you up   ‍ 

Oh man Stefan just made my night with his Snapchat of him and Alyssa watching family feud without me! I love my Peruzzi cousins so much  

I hate when James act retarded like he don't get what I'm saying.  

(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ Marshmallow Raising The Roof ↺RT<EMOJI>️  #exhilaration #sweet #spacing #suc

Colonie Golf Course photo collection by BigSky Imagery LLC  Hopefully opening soon!!

Photo Album Handmade 6 Pattern ScissorDIY Wave Stamps Indoor Decorative Xmas Dec  

Close up petite pussy gets fucked 

That moment when you know that you are too fucked up, but still continue to keep doing it, just because.

A flower does not think of competing with the flower next to it. It just blooms. #wednesdaywisdom #actress #model… 

Un, deux, trois, wallop! Today we fill our glasses with Chambord and fizz, why? #BecauseNoReason #Chambord… 

We are aware of the issues in #PR8 and #PR9 #Scarsbrick Engineers are hoping to restore supplies before 7pm!

The winning times in the 200 Fly for men and women at the NCAA D1 championships over the last 20 years. #swimhistory 

If he gets bullied I'm going to fucking hit the director 

Are You Branding Yourself, if not you should be![blog post] #viridian #ambit #mannatech #melaleuca… 

The Money You Lose from Not Flossing Your Teeth Will Make Your Jaw Drop  

Aka: the price is way too high right now. They will be when it comes down at the draft 

Devanoora Mahadeva speaking about the way forward in the fight against prejudice, bigotry, fascism. #Dhakshinayana… 

I remember I used to listen to linkin park when I was little when I missed my dad.... These songs got memories

Should Low IQ #radical #Muslim men be castrated to end sex crimes in #Sweden? 

More than half Americans approve of Obamacare now: Poll - Washington, April 6 (IANS) Former US President Barack... 

"To acknowledge that there exist different analyses and life experiences about these matters, and to listen careful… 

I think there will be a lot of interesting things coming down the pipe on this blog w/ some behind the scenes... 

"One thing is certain in business. You and everyone around you will..." - Richard Branson  

If u a woman gamer on Mike and u in a chat wid men ... Jus know they gunna say all kina inappropriate shit to u

Busty pornstar Carmen Luvana fucked closeup 

Happy birthday to the man who will one day educate the future of America, I hope wet Jesus is with you today… 

8pm: Freezing Rain 0.0C - Feels: -7C - Wind: ENE 30km/h Gusts to 45km/h - Bar: 101.5 kPa - Hum: 95% #Kitchener-Waterloo #Weather

YES MAGGIE FUXK THEIR SHIT UP MY QUEEN DO ! IT ! FOR ! GLENN !!!!

Yellows and oranges will be added to the set and the circular wave backdrop will be replaced with a new backdrop, F… 

I fucked up and typed death instead of birth. Reposting

Keep you by my side like a Fucking hip . 

Senate gambling proposal could lead to 1250 new jobs in Washington County  #GamingRequired #Casino #TribalGaming

Followed everyone back that I forgot about. I honestly should've never done that unfollow spree. >_>

Justice for one MAN sacked for defending cats in Italy! Plz sign:  

CNN Trump aide keeps up Twitter attacks on Freedom Caucus' Amash CNN Washington (CNN) Senior White House aide Dan…… 

Stop Throwing Share And ganging Up on other girls with your weak ass friends just to make yourself superior

Danny White selling home security systems. Someone needs to do something about these head injuries 

You've got to hand it to him. The man gets a fucking A+ in self-delusion. 

do ya think we millennials are obsessed w/ house plants as a coping mechanism for the fucked up economy w/ no job prospects

So who's out on the beer today among you pre match then? It's nice out there so 10:30am start in town  #NUFC #HWTL   <EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️

No Photos Please exclusively on sale at  ..RT A FRIEND WHO WOULD LIKE #NoPhotosPlease 

Rahm Emanuel Invents New ID to Ensure Illegals Get Their Welfare Read more: 

Jim Nantz, merchant of memories, on mission to cure Alzheimer's  

Storms are in the forecast Sunday Evening. A few could go severe. I'll be monitoring this through the weekend.… 

Do the words even mean anything anymore? Digital transformation: Two words don’t fit all... 

Sarah Beech, the star our latest ad #TV #Advertising #socialmediamarketing  | Nationwide 

Russia’s Plausible Deniability in the Hybrid War in Ukraine #nato #doctrine includes cyberwarfare bu... #infowarfare 

Everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today, but you k... More for Cancer 

When it's been 70° for weeks and then Mother Nature wants to play you with 30° and snow flurries 

Danby 120 Can Beverage Center, Stainless Steel DBC120BLS  

Oglesby doubled with two outs, but nothing going after that. 2-0 Titans after two complete #ptsports

“Red-Letter Christians”: forgetting Jesus only spoke to Jews, then commissioned Paul to teach Gentiles (Acts 9:15) in line with Jn 16:12-13?

Freedom Caucus Chair: We'll Back AHCA If Changes Discussed With WH Included  

where were arya and sansa i fucking hate dandd and i hate this mfing show

Shemale titty fucked and blows dick before anal with stud 

Is everyone really fucking annoying or is it just me ?

My #avocado stickers are ready to be catapulted onto the internet in all directions. But I'm calming down and making… 

MY FUCKING LIFE. SOON SOON SOOOOOOON. 

A ravens or blackbirds, i can never tell really, is almost always courteous, unless it is a green one.

I cannot think of a worse way to die and women and children. Need stop now and attack until they do. 

#Kigwanomics proposes for #Africa that tax reduction would fuel investment and hence increased production and thus widen tax base #NjeYaBox

"McGrath is happy about the Monarch Village designation. 'I think it's cool,' McGrath said. 'For 32 years, the... 

This thread is just a self-indulgent method of keeping track of my favourite seventeen moments 

IS FUCKING VOICE WHEN HE SINGS JASMINES PART WHAT A MYSTICAL FAIRY

Pervasive evidence 2013 sarin gas attack engineered as 'False flag'  Used to justify illegal… 

"He's crippled and now hes retarded" this guys talking about a boy who broke his ankle and didn't do an essay ommmg 

We’re absolutely thrilled to announce that we are starting with the RankWatch "SEO Superstar of the month contest".… 

You long to be the center of attention, but you can take your ... More for Leo 

Awakening The Human Brain To  No Fear Here "Do Not Despise The Days of Small Beginnings" 

From the boxes in the library and Ensor: Megan Smith is my bestest friend and I love her endlessly. She deserves... 

God please don't say we accidently hit any Russians. All I am worried about. Assad shoulda been killed long ago

<See How Governor Okorocha Greeted Obasanjo When They Met In Abeokuta (Pics) 

The biggest problem we face today is that everyone thinks they are an artist because they made some songs and put em on the internet.

nct babies are so cute???? omg nct bias winwin is freaking adorable WINWIN: let's prettily, 'to world' will be looking forward to you guys~!

Venezuela’s President Chastised by His Top Prosecutor  

Den of corruption Brennan , Clapper and Obama spying on US. These idiots make Putin and Hillary looks like pikers 

My advisor told me a class to take and I went to register for it and it is 3.5 hours long... HA HA HA no

Who needs California. Guy with surfboard in Highgate Ponds. (No waves tho')  #London 

Ever dreamed of riding the rails?  #hobby #follow #toys #toy 

Super Expert no skip returns! We've been playing too many good levels, let's get some garbage in here. WATCH:… 

Commentator really just called this man shot "short" like the old head hoopin wit the youngins not playin D...

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

better check this #supplements which Helps with erectile function and Increases #stamina  

You can tell this is British because of the sticker in the back. America doesn't have that 

 Temp: 11.5°C Wind:1.6mph Pressure: 1011.6mb Falling slowly Rain Today 0.0mm Hum 69% Fc: Fairly fine, showery later

31 March 1969: John Lennon and Yoko Ono make a lightning trip to Vienna, eating chocolate cake in a bag.… 

I'm on a mad fucking hype after that match Jesus fuckin CHRIST

BREAKING: Aamir Khan refuses to release Dangal in Pakistan without National Anthem  

#AmazonGiveaway for: Travel Toiletry Bag and Travel Bottles Set by FusionTrek. No Purchase Necessary  #FusionTrek

Abuse unresolved for 3 days: 37.115.186.195 host:  / T:TwiyKyivstar  #infosec #cybersecurity

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

Wyaahahahahahmade my fucking day     

cause I have hella feelings for you I act like I don't fucking care like they ain't even there

"Gang Members Leak Shameless Pictures Of The Police Officer Who Arrested Their Leader 

Issued yesterday by the Township of Leeds and 1000 Islands. "Recent rainfall has significantly increased the... 

Bootylicious ebony Pursuajob gets fucked by bbc 

RJA is now enrolling for the 2017-2018 school year, with extended preschool hours so ALL grades (prek3-5th) are... 

We're looking for Next Bike Hire Scheme Inspectors to inspect all Next bike hire points in Glasgow and carry out... 

Remember, kids! Don't swear, or I'll fucking kill you!

I've just watched episode S01E01 of 13 Reasons Why!  

Sweden sends out a message to the rest of the world.....  SOS. Get Well Soon Sweden.               

There is a "#TripleWhite" colorway coming to  from #Nike ZOOM #Spiridon and it looks dope !… 

#Undertaker retires? Been watching him since I was a little kid! SAD! Thank you! #ThankYouTaker #Wrestlemania 

Don't tell me to hit you up and then hit me with a boring ass convo  

Have you ordered a copy of VIRTUOUS yet, or are you terrible at Comics?  

Y THESE BITCHES ACTIN LIKE I AINT NEVA BREEZE PAST EM!!!!

Climbing well but feel like you've plateaued? Show up for our Advanced Technique course tomorrow evening at South... 

Although you might already have big plans for the weekend, mor... More for Capricorn 

Scale-ups v start-ups, immortal machines, making better leaders   Davos

.OfficialBHAFC SkyBetChamp   Ollie: This is a chance to show the real us, because we didn’t do that the last time… 

Depersonalization Disorder- understanding causes and treatments  #mentalhealth #mentalillness

Good morning #Noumea! Sun will rise in 30 minutes (local time 06:03) #Sunrise #Photo #Photography [06.04.2017]

I've been feelin' my brown vibes a lot lately like I haven't watched a bollywood movie in years and I've watched 1 a day for the past 3 days

America’s forgotten crisis: over 50% of one Native American tribe are homeless | Julian Brave NoiseCat 

See our latest #Athens, GA #job and click to apply: CDL A Owner Operators, Drop and Hook -  #Transportation #Hiring

DNC Chair Says ‘Republicans Don’t Give a Sh** About People,’ RNC Chair Slams Him in Her Response… 

Senator Chuck Schumer is fighting the good fight, just called for another roll call vote #filibuster 

I went from having 0 assignments in a class last week to 4 assignments including a 10 page paper this week... why do professors do this?!?

A little obsessed with these marble hexagon coaster! #ad  

Richmond tomorrow and ima be fucked up all weekend I swear to God

Health Kick! #Sweepstakes #ad  help a brotha out and click the link I earn revenue

nah i know baron always looks mad but baron looks soooo pissed kdjdkd

Finished up this little gem tonight: "The Muses at midnight" 8"x8" ink/acrylic on canvas. simple black frame.… 

Scene Stealers: A Business With Legs (and Abs): Boom Times for Male Striptease Revues  nytimes

Butt Fucked douce bresilienne Slut 

don't fucking call pablo "sis" he's a boy you cunt 

It's one thing to get involved with a man that lied and says he's not married okay I get it but it's another when you KNOW he's married

When ur bout to go get a new iphone 7+ But a brand new episode of  #newiphone

If you can't tell if someone or something is fake, smoke some weed. You'll see shit how it really is

Go back and review this talk from last years PS. Powerful stuff! The Price of Priesthood Power. 

#SpeedeNews Jets 2017 NFL Draft Reset: Quarterback still missing moving full speed ahead to 2018 

The beautiful #healing nature of Laurenzo. #PastureMeditation #wildhorses #horsesofinstagram… 

MY DAD JUST APRIL FOOLED ME BY SAYING BTS WAS ALSO COMING TO BRISBANE IN AUSTRALIA I'M FUCKING LIVID RN 

Y'all don't understand how good he been looking it should be against the rules for ya nigga to get a hair cut lmao

You can check how our Forex News works on the Method page. Check Real accounts traded with the system.  #EA

#Lake Hillier, Australia The only pink lake in the world WorldVentures Travel… 

Cooking with plums always reminds me of this.. which is probably not a good thing 

"Unlikely. If anything, he can do that. Despite what some think, I am not a lap-dog." 

Everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today, but you k... More for Cancer 

It’s time for the #compliance function to change its focus from hindsight to foresight.  

send these idiots to Venezuela - see how they survive, 

Economic Times - Market News - IT real estate could be top contra bets of 2017 - 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

#FindAmelia is a 7 month old Husky x Labrador, missing since 15/03/17 From Birmingham, B9. Now presumed stolen 

If this girl don't stfu about her walking out of class and going to chill out  like do you want a cookie or something ms. bad ass  

Oh you fucked him too the conversations w "friends"

"At school I'm just shy and awkward and I don't need some damn psychologist tryna diagnose all these underlying problems". -Eminem Legacy

Gov under fire for child tax credit form for rape victims. Tory gov want proof you don't live w/ rapist. #ToryScum 

Edmonton police create hotline for tips in Dylan Koshman’s 2008 disappearance 

I can't believe your party chose someone so easy for me to win against in 4 years! Thanks Democrats! 

The Yip Yip Aliens invade Yuri's Night at the Great Lakes Science Center! . . #yurisnight… 

These take-notice color schemes are total mood boosters that will help you wake up happier. 

His sole reason for shouting at Sona that day was that he felt betrayed by his loved ones. His mother whom he worshipped...(cont).

Although your intuition is functioning at a very high level to... More for Taurus 

#AltarumBHChat a depressive episode may look like isolation, lack of motivation, sadness, exhaustion...

This is José Zamora, he changed his name to Joe to get a job. Here's what happened... 

Officials decided that a period of more commitments which reflected bridges seemed to get considered merit.

Lag Game series #1 on Red Bull Proving Grounds 2017: Online #1 - Street Fighter V??? danHmm #twitchclips 

This would gauruntee that Romo couldn't possibly be any worse than the analyst he'd replace. 

New video just posted featuring the one and only missguided clothing haul and try on! I don't know… 

Oksalayo ndithi FUCK YOU!! Thats from ALL the upcoming rappers. FUCK YOU!!! 

Affordable Warners Bras: No Side Effects Animal Deluster Wire Free Bra RM2561A Buy Now Lowestprice at… 

With settlement, Wells Fargo has put scandal 'in the rear view,' analysts say: Wells Fargo has .. #finance #news 

I really want to wear a skirt to work since it's the first day of April, but I don't eve want to change out of my sweatpants

CATS AND DOGS ARE TREATED MUCH WORSE THAN THIS IN STINKING ROTTEN CHINA, KOREA+ASIAN COUNTRIES + LET'S HOPE THERE A… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of those Spooky guys at Thriller Bark!  #TreCru 

   Oya Download #MUSIC: Gimme Dah Whine by Irvin Fame #GimmeDahWhineByIrvinFame  

On the road to success there is absolutely no room for criticism of self or others. IkawAng KISSESunshineKo

What Scottish leaders fail to understand is that they can’t stop a trend in motion; Brexit will happen 

FCC 'conspiring' with telecoms to put Net neutrality roll-back in fast lane: Ajit Pai, is reportedly "moving quick… 

Severe thunderstorm warning for Calhoun, Lexington and Richland counties until 3:15 PM. 

This was at 8800 feet last summer and I can't wait to what is up there once all the snow melts. 

This week I celebrated my 27th birthday in #Amsterdam. All that we did and saw is now on the blog… 

Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit Cerinte de sistem: Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit - Cerinte minime… 

Women are, on average, paid 20% less than men. #20PercentCounts. Just ask...  by #YouTube… 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Wild's Zach Parise will play Saturday, four days after 'scary' hit to the eye #MinnesotaWild #bhive 

Leaked Docs Show How Soros Spends Big To Keep Populists Out Of Power In Europe  #TheList

#news hindi “you're going to find it so...” (like: this should surely interest you”  

Administrator and Personal Assistant at Lorache Consulting Limited – Job vacancies in Nigeria 

eww pork is sooo nasty — you're fucking nasty you discriminating piece of sh... 

And now I’ve zipped it up and placed it on the floor, but went over to my computer instead of rolling it up.

A surge in these Tokyo stocks is puzzling the firms' officials  

i dont know what i did but i fucked gladstones hair up so bad he looks like giorno giovanna

EU states pledge aid money for Syria, but fail to fund war crimes investigation 

New Poll: What match will go on last at WWE Wrestlemania 33?  

Bruno Bernal and Ian Greene take turns bottoming for Jaxton Wheeler at Raging Stallion -  

mnny art teacher and classmate just said i look, act, and talk like a 12 year old whgat the fuksjfb im dissociatin g

Imma keep my promise, rough times make tough people, it's just all about if you willing to fight with me.

Interesting way of removing bullets fam!!! Abby got that shit done    #FingersAndThumbs #Scandal #TGIT

#BreakingNews Pathankot braveheart's friend knocks President's door over 'unfulfilled promise' 

RCB will be without Kohli for the first time since the inaugural season. He has appeared in 139 of the 140 matches played by RCB in #IPL2017

Consumers still unsure about using insurers, banks and others for legal services - Legal Futures:... 

☼♯ Yuu Jabiana Womens #Thong #Sandals White Size 7 #M Best Prices  

Professional pointers on finding the right stance, and information on the most common casting problems  #Flyfish

nobody fucking call text message or anything to me, I AM DONE

These are the cosmic waves you've been waiting for, so grab yo... More for Aries 

Samoan friend- I got hit with a brick but do you wanna know the worst punishment I got from my parents? but you got hit with a brick.......

Uttar Pradesh chief minister Adityanath wants Ayodhya dispute resolved through dialogue  

Now playing on #skaNCkWidMeRadio, "The the World Is Too Much With Us" by Regatta 69! 

Shocking images of dogs/puppies sold/cooked in #SouthKorea #KoreanDogsVideo  

But I utterly disagree with Attenborough when he suggests policies are the domain of economists, sociologists and politicians...

This guy is really really really fucking creeping me out at the gym  

Ion like fucking w ppl FRFR niggas do n say anything I'm not wasting my time

I even feel distanced from friends but like im annoying the fuck out of all of them. IM NOT USED TO FEELING THAT

Joke: design a anti gravity blanket with the engine about 4 feet3, and it ganerates the signals to anti gravity. We can move 10 tonnes rock

#porn videos for fre teens fucked by father 

Kit Carson: Larvitar  64.4% (11/11/7 - Rock Smash/Ancient Power - s:normal) til 17:43:22(26m 30s). 

I have to learn laravel and blade or blend smth... but I like node.js though... *goes on youtube to search for tutorials* #webdeveloper

Have you lost a loved one? Surviving and Thriving After Love and Loss with Kimberly Smythe - TODAY at 7PM ET 

She Was Dubbed The Most Beautiful Girl In The World. Years Later, Here's How She Looks Like! 

FUCK I just remembered i have a morning class tomorrow and a mock exam I am going to drop out of college is2fg

Used over a 100 million dollars in missiles on an empty airfield. More than half of em didn't even hit the target. That's yall mans tho

$HALO book slot and #advertise to successful #investors with over $240 #million of disposable income:  #Etrade

From the Environmentally Retarded Sessions: 

Fitz is fucking garbage. He came there to cape for Abby. He didn't even wait five minutes to start burdening Liv was some forgive me crap.

Letting go of someone you love is hard, but holding on to someone who doesn't even feel the same is much harder.

Man Utd and Chelsea target Lukaku can become the best striker in the world  

#bitcoin CBlock Object Info: Height 459689 Hash: 00000000000000000025a2ed6315325288c23be31f578b8ce6197ee0633637c3 TXVol: 2352 827.52 GBP

New story on #NPR: Mississippi State, South Carolina Set To Square Off In Women's NCAA Championship… 

I need to write a blog post I need to write a fucking blog post

Always the limber conversationalist, your mind stretches into ... More for Libra 

I've had too many people tell me they'd watch a tv show based on my life to not already have one, MTV wya

Hairy Couple Fucking By TROC 

No one deserves a special day all to herself more than today's Mom. A cartoon showed a psychologist talking to... 

Man gets 14 years in prison for setting his ex-girlfriend’s Lakewood home ablaze as 14 slept inside… 

Dynamite Virgin Teenies Fucking In Europe 

Only a few hours to go to catch Zee TV's exclusive on #T1PrimaRacing! Stay tuned to your screens at 10:30 PM to wat… 

mothers fucking grandpa movies 

 What repeal of protections means for you - Sarasota Herald-Tribune  #sharethis #KcAashik

Watch Atlanta’s skyline go dark in this eerie time lapse of Wednesday’s storms 

Something something patriarchy something something systematic something something oppression something something histor will be the response

Idiotic but also an insult to slaves! 

You serious stupid fucking Vatican and Protestant church

I just checked in at 161 And The Bar 10doors with #mPLUSPlaces Download today! 

Red Riding Hood vibes   "Like My Heart" This is how I want you, Darling, Wild and unbroken… 

Charizard available until 11:47:13am (27m 54s). Air Slash / Dragon Claw (60.0% - 15/9/3) 

"go fucking chew on that debie rise"      #BBNaija

Like obvs his media handling has been atrocious but the media has exposed some of the worst of its anti-Labour/left-wing bias over last year

Design is not just how it works, but also how it will keep working for the foreseeable future 

Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting in apparent effort to establish Trump-Putin back channel 

Maddox ordered an Uber to Inglewood at 2:43a the other night, she can't play games on my phone anymore.

A personal favorite of the Greater Delray Beach Chamber of Commerce staff, make sure you swing by... 

you'll always be a bad ass bitch in my heart 

Yk what, scrolling through the timeline makes me wanna say one thing Fucking millennials

Will you be standing in the doorway when I arrive, like you used to do, with your outstretched arms waiting to be filled?

Now I've shown this video before, it's a disturbing video and I advise to watch with that in mind. 

Horny Couple Loves Fucking 

Former Jaguars WR now a decorated sheriff’s officer: There is no shortage of ex-NFL players who chose to become… 

#spying fucking mindy vega sex scenes 

Just when you think the Swans are dead and buried... you here the Takers "Gong"! #GameOn #AFLSwansPies

#footballnews Bastian Schweinsteiger: Chicago Fire midfielder asked if club can win World Cup 

Only 1 more day to get the special MasterCraft NXT Factory Rebates. Rebates end tomorrow Friday, March, 31st.... 

Another 7hrs of tutoring today. I have to say that this is a lot easier than last year as I'm tutoring all from home. Online tuition rocks!

Cap waffles join my pepper potato scramble :) with TJ's pumpkin butter on top. #captainamerica… 

I'm on episode 8 and Clay still has that fucking cut on his forehead!!

Absolutely. #IoT will create data streams which will be correlated against financial products to create signals whi… 

That feeling when you've spent the majority of your morning watching Bruce Lee videos 

On April 05, 2017, I traveled 15269 steps , 12.639093399 km, burned 601.94 calories, and was active for 2h 29m. #UP #Jawbone

#my slut wife fucking how to shoot cum like a porn star 

Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4! #PS4live (No Man's Sky) live at 

I sat in the chair and my MUA is a girl who hates me bc I had a thing with her ex before she knew him

Idk if I can watch Cartoon Network today with these damn googly eyes. I know it's April fool's day but this is hella annoying  

If you've ever wanted to know more about me, you should check out this post from the archives!… 

You could work with such a passionate intent today that you in... More for Pisces 

Onf said about the growth of violations of journalists ' rights in 2016 in half   #Russia

My cubical desk mate whatever you want to call it, Tit always has a fucking cold or cough I don't understand

The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) will not engage in more projects with the Ukrainian anti-corruption agency NAZK at th…

Everyone's going to the beach, sf or Disneyland, I'm fucking jealous

Hey there friends. I am wrapping up a project here in the next couple weeks and booking new projects. Grateful for any leads. #ITSM #DevOps

There's A Huge Reason Guys Want To Make You Orgasm, And It's Not For Your Pleasure 

＠null #Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Toronto ON, CDN for now (08h58m01s UT): 23°03'15.8'' #Aquarius (AC) / 10°34'29… 

New Ultra-popular candy color handheld washboard mini washboard color Random N3  

Well guys, I'm a sexy, #fun loving woman.. If you're interested, message me.) #manitoba  

Revolutionary idea: when systems update, don't fucking change the appearance. Add your security all you want. Leave my fucking font alone.

People fully need to stop disrespecting Shia Muslims , why are some of you lots so concerned about what others believe in ? bloody hell

Lauren arriving to my heart when I met her on november 28th 2014. She's still here. 

UPDATE: DRIVING BACK FROM THE PANIC! CONCERT AND THERE WAS A GUY STUMBLING AROUND IN THE MIDDLE OF THE INTERSTATE

tHEY ARE FUCKING DROPPING HINTS ANSJSJ 

If you're a white feminist who doesn't care for people of color or women of color your fake ass "feminism" is... 

" You and me, We're under the same sky but we can't meet, but believe in me, I'll be there for you "  

Admonter #flooring: we are committed to environmentally responsible manufacturing  

only way to deal with this in my experience is to install 16 GB of RAM and disable swap (swapoff -a) completely

How about you. What happened. Why. Speak out please.Shout out.

Lawd these hoes on #LHHATL just dont give a fuck!!!!!

Yooooo if this ain't me I don't even fucking know      

I spend a lot of time saying “what a cunt” out loud to to the TV when watching most shows. My cats no longer respond to it.

#Sun Sq #Pluto Today the pressure is intense. Is what u so passionately defend worth it? If not, let it go.… 

People make fun of 4kids dubs because the way they replace certain Japanese items/foods/practices is straight-up bizarre.

Two werks of strong cold, coughs and high fever. Moves between hospital and my bedroom. What I need is miracle... 

I'm trying to study for the act but I'M SO FUCKING EMPUTADA RN UHHH

I always check up on people and know when somethings up even when I don't get the same treatment and they don't deserve it... what's wrong w me

She's pretending like she don't miss you. You're pretending like you don't care. Ego is a hell of a drug.

I fucking hate the Lib Dems. 

On second thought scratch that I just wanna go to a game   it could be w the homies if anything, fuck deez birds

"stop fanning yourself. you look like a shrinking violet from the south. 'oh dear! i'm lindsay graham and i need my smelling salts!'"- mom

"Dad Catches Wife And Baby Fast Asleep, Then Reveals Why He Wants To Be Her ‘Dream Husband’ 

the?? russel crowe's daughter got to meet bangtan??? that's the most random shit i've ever 

hahaha～i mean its fun of u dont like social that much its pretty cool that way #kristenstewart Anyway i was just sayin hbd2 u happy 27th bd

#vacature #dts #JouwBaan Senior Test Engineer for automated testing  #ABB BV HQ

[STARCAST] Junghwa, the youngest of EXID, in behind the scenes of web drama “Mask”! (2)  

Horse Silicone Mold, Silicone Molds, Baking Molds $5.00  

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

Totally agree!! This is a different kind of #WINNER and i love it   #REALLYREALLY MV Teaser 

No need to use imagination and big effort 2 produce and compose tracks, only need to play a fucking game and people are interested enough to pay

I walk around with it cause these nigga they trynna put a tag on me, I guess they mad at me cause I walk around with a stash on me

#SocialMedia: Facebook Launches M Suggestions in Messenger to Provide Quick ... #marketing 

ain't fucking with that cuffin you can keep your wedding ring 

He's the super-conscious-all-perceiver | we the humans are the ones that must receive, that is to create the condit… 

Zeke Miller of Time states #Trump removes MLK bust from #WhiteHouse - example of idiot reporting 

Did you sell in Jan 2016 and feel foolish? - Learn from your mistakes or lose even more 

What is Periscope, how can you use it? Get Free guide and training video, CLICK  #bizop #MLM 

I hate bitches that wear heels but can't walk in em ....

A few things don't feel quite right about the picture or the words. I found a way 2 work around waiting 4 the roses… 

and they're so fucking rude!!! and racist!!! get out of my face!!!

Birthday gift for a friend. A teasing nickname I used to give his character when we played Dark Heresy. #RPG… 

Flipkart plans to use artificial intelligence and make online purchase akin to offline…  

Everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today, but you k... More for Cancer 

Nah bro that shit was nasty then and it's nasty now   

So sick of seeing that damn drawstring bra on Instagram   ‍

Do Tenants Realize the Effects of Smoking Inside Their Apartments or Houses?  

Press sources:Thousands of Mosul displaced families flow daily ,but the camps are overcrowded and lack the possibil… 

ive seen like 1-3 inches of snow (death metal music starts playing) fucking hardcore dude

however some youngsters go to join militancy as they too want to do some fashionitic or different or extra ordinary!!!

I won't even on it and it gave me a fucking heart attack 

10pcs Tibetan silver mermaid beads charm pendant jewelry craft Pendants 22mm  

WHY THE FUCK IS TANAKA STILL IN THE GAME?!?!? WTF GIRARDI?!? #newyorkyankees

one person followed me and 5 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Please don't be the girl that doesn't believe other girls when they tell you your boyfriend is cheating.

Friends raising funds for family of pub worker who died after falling on meat slicer  

If you're a #Pisces your romantic sign matches are #cancer #scorpio and #Capricorn . All other combinations are very unlikely to be stable.

Sometimes the best cure for a restless mind is a quiet night i... More for Pisces 

#SouqNews Shonda Rhimes joins national board of Planned Parenthood  

all of my social media platforms are like different versions of me and I'm so sorry that this is the twitter version of me

Could not of said it better ! I am ready to jump. I have taken all o can and tried to adjust. 

".people tend to underestimate how much they+others drink, they also tend to underestimate how harmful alcohol is." 

I actually don't care all that much if the President's personal security or family situation cost a few hundred... 

Should I invest: Is equity crowdfunding worth it? - Real Business  #CrowdfundingNews #crowdfunding

More fire the new wave is coming STAY TUNED YUNG FUME "WATCH ME FLEX' Check it out YOUTUBE 

Purina Fancy Feast Medleys Florentine Collection Gourmet Wet Cat Food 24 Cans Only $12.13 via ... 

South West Edmonton half duplex in Bulyea Heights with double attached garage is now ..  

One of the best TV shows I've watched in a while made even better by an amazing soundtrack and cast. #BigLittleLiesFinale #BigLittleLies

#inspiration Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. -Jim Ryan #quotes #followme

#Nurses make a difference every day. Upload a photo while you are at #AORN2017 for another simple way to do good. 

I've been away from Twitter for my sanity, but here's a poem of mine published by Rattle: Poetry 

When you scrolling her media... check her hands. The chubbier the hand the better the head... thats just what i hea… 

Vasyl Lomachenko will use his fists and his mind against Jason Sosa  #losangeles #LA 

Congratulations to Vandebilt Catholic's Lady Terrier track team on winning the 2017 Catholic School Challenge.

1970 Cadillac DeVille NO RESERVE AUCTION - LAST HIGHEST BIDDER WINS CAR! 1970 Cadillac Coupe Deville Convertible -…… 

California Could Become The Cannabis Industry's Safe Haven: Assembly Bill 1578  

76% Mareep at 171 N Church Ln,Los Angeles,CA until 17:44:47 (29m 33s) #westsidespawns 

Utilization of incessant alibis as pretext in and for failure to portray that as a fait accompli is a humbug and baloney to wit must wake up

no he fucking didn't                       

Doctors told me to abort my baby as she would die at birth  

[1/2]In the absence of Virat Kohli and doubts over AB de Villiers' availability for the season opener on April 5, the Australian allrounder

This British Artist Created Edible Chocolate Anuses — And They’re Selling Like Hot Cakes 

You're feeling a sense of professional pride today, stemming f... More for Scorpio 

I ORDERED A 10 PIECE CHICKEN NUGGET AND THEY GAVE ME 12 omg shitty day turned around

It blows my mind that people saw fire and smoke on both sides of the bridge, drove across it anyway: 

Five dead in search for missing helicopter over Snowdonia -  

All the ruckus raised by #FraudKejri and gang on EVMs is just to take the attention away from all these issues and st… 

An assault on precedent is an assault on democracy. Republicans would rather let partisanship reign than have a wor… 

Always great when you chuck on the first clothes you see and first comment you get is 'you look adorable, like a 14 y/o cheerleader'...

We all fall off, whether it's in health, faith, or character. It's about realizing your mistake and continue progressing.

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Muse of Music" by Enrico Toro (Author), David Carrico (Author).  #giveaway

Verbs go into one of ~7 (in Hebrew) of ~10 (in Arabic) forms, distinguished by internal vowels, but also extra consonants, like H or T.

I had a woman tell me about nearly taking her leg off with a chainsaw and she spoke calmly...clearly... conscisely.

Sounds very Christlike   at least it must when you use the wacked out #AlternativeBible these Repubs have written f… 

I hate when people are nosey with me like fuck leave me alone already

You might be disgruntled with your current social standing bec... More for Taurus 

I can understand that people are getting anxious about the formation of a cabinet by the president - Prof. Duah #MorningStarr

Student party sex video with girl bent over and fucked 

i need bff's like this, so we can each other's photo shoot pics and' hype each other up 

Climate Change-Fueled Jet Stream Linked to Brutal Floods and Heatwaves, Says Study 

You can bury your feelings as effectively as the next person, ... More for Scorpio 

It's so funny how so people are taking this BBNaija thing so personal like the housemates are their relatives or close friends.

Retired NBA star Tim Duncan's ex-adviser to admit to fraud (Yahoo Sports) #Basketball 

GET THE FUCK STOP SHOOTING YALL SHOTS !! Don't dm me !   

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

“What’s new? We hardly talked this trip.” Because I spent a chunk of it with another guy. One I used to love and happened to kiss. #thurstale

I just want to cuddle and my dog won't fucking cuddle. Ugh

When conservation agriculture has unintended consequences, complex agro-ecology needs design and mngmt solutns… 

Ultimate Legal Breakdown: Subscription Box Businesses [e286] Legal #MANAGEMENT  

Family fights to ban USDA wildlife trap that killed their dog, injured son  h 

DWP work with a turn around £214 million for want to make the national economy and along with more while we are on welfare. #Winston

Debunked: Conservative women mock feminists' #EqualPayDay - Red Alert Politics 

I forgot how much of a FUCKING BANGER this song is. yeahhhh 

How does the WGEPAD ensure that civil society knows how to use its procedures such as providing information to the group? #africandescent

Boys: if you aren't willing to follow through with the effort it took to win her, then you don't deserve her.

Why is it that everyone with a vagina thinks a sad picture is grounds to hostilely invade a Sovereign Nation?! Gro… 

this is a poll about make-up on a daily basis (i.e., for work/being about the place, not Occasions or weekend jaunts)

Houston TX Gizzie is a 9 YO spayed black and white Shih Tzu who is in great need in Houston. She's in a high kill... 

My friend literally drove an extra block past her house to finish the song we were listening to when we went to get froyo

Note Nunes' replacement, Conaway (R-TX), doesn't believe Russia interfered with our election. 

We've just seen someone use MERINGUE POWDER in a fucking baking video fucking POWDER America is irl blocked I stg

Twitter is cathartic. Like a little diary that everyone can read, but nobody really does. ...but I love it.

Louis Vuitton Palm Springs PM Leopard Animal Print Backpack M52020  

Hate girls that be all up on my mans notifications but when he tweets about me you bitches are no where to be found  

SPRING CONFERENCE - The #Revolution Continues, 5/25 Will this make American #health care great again? 

#NCAAF Wire: Masters 2017: Rickie Fowler makes statement in best chance to win first major  

LeBron is gonna destroy the next team he plays next .... cuz I know this loss pissed him the fuck off

Checkout this cool plant. I'd love to try it in a miniature garden: Trachyandra 

In a closed society where everybody's guilty, the only crime is getting caught. In a world of thieves, the only final sin is stupidity…

This is my 100th tweet. told you retards it's not a bot

His footwork during Begin saved my life. I couldn't stop watching him and I don't have words to describe his performance.

I still can't get over how bomb that fuckin wig was. And she just discarded it. That commercial was offensive on so… 

I hope Ahmed el khateeb won't be the next version of Mohannad ! #خرجوا_الخطيب_يتعالج #عفو_صحي_للخطيب

The fucking legend says the truth 

New Jada Classic TV Series 1966 Batman Batmobile 1/24 DieCast Car 98259 Black*3  

If you want to play with me My name is Msgmeforbadsx   

stamp if my nigga want me to be nasty all he gotta do is play some partynextdoor and it's a wrap  

#BBNaija TeamBisola hope we are not slacking? D thing right oh, no dulling, no joking. Pls let's do our best nd deliver our girl. #BBNaija

Great! I've played Paradise Island 2 for 393 days in a row! #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight 

Tranny shemale strapon fucked by slut 

Buying a home isn't just another step in life, it's a huge step towards creating a safe haven to flourish #NHN… 

#TatooineRP needed the last 5 hours for remaking the stair way which lead up to the control rooms ; 70% less triang… 

You’ll soon be able to control your sous vide machine with your voice  #technology

So Gis has now learnt how to trot and canter sideways whilst managing to get all 4 feet off the ground    ‍

We will have some spare capacity with the combine this harvest. TX36 20ft cut chopper grain weigher and can provide a tractor trailer also

Finally people we have a talent managment company who love helping up coming entertainers... If you looking for help as a apiring

Talk with your family members about the dangers of using prescription drugs for non-medical purposes. 

  Laura Dern and Julia Roberts, 1990. "This picture brings up this innocent, wild, in-love time, with... 

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

video of friend fucking my wife 

GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks dips as investors lock in gains after strong quarter  #business #bloomberg

I think, lost in that route by Bruce, was the first real mistake pitch Syndergaard has made today. Freeman smoked that ball

When you're struggling with something, look at all the people around you and realize that every single .erson you see is struggling

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

Don't worry... we know how to make this <EMOJI>️ day better! Our #caramelapplepizzapie with… 

David says, ‘I do not conceal your love and your truth’ (Psalm 40:10c). He prays, ‘may your love and your truth always protect me’ (v.11b)

Brothers wedding... Brother: "The colors are cream and pink" Me: "Black with red shoes it is"

Anyways, never thought my cousins fucked with me like they do!

May 8, 1945. Two million people gathered in Times Square to celebrate the end of World War ll. 

BBW Vanessa London Gets Massaged and Fucked Hardcore 

 cleverprime: me taking a fucking sip, babes #tumblr 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Ask me questions....can be anything sports, video games, anything you want...keep it clean though #AskKev

“Thank you, Mr. President,” says survivor of 2013 chemical attack in Syria #Airstrikes #Syria 

April 8th, 1994 ❝And all my walls stood tall painted blue But I'll take them down Take them down and open up the do… 

How tragic you choose to "date" guys with girlfriends what a fucking nightmare for you

Sunday April 9th – Trainer Kerri Hark will be in the store from 2pm – 4pm clipping nails and answering any... 

I'll try to keep obv favs out nnn 1) inoue orihime - bleach My other eternal best girl luv my healer princess,

What they want you to think: Kuroh is a gentleman What is actually means: Kuroh is not affected by girls and he's v… 

This 5 BED home won't last long! Ping me for details or a showing. #realestate  

This British Artist Created Edible Chocolate Anuses � And They�re Selling Like Hot Cakes 

You fucked over the wrong one. Now I'm gonna ruin your life.

People think it's okay. Even just a little intoxicated it's NOT right. Girls are forced to accept it in fear of being judged

What are you waiting for? — A lot of decisions I will be making depend on our possible move to Oregon this summer. 

Lunch box - 弁当 Character dialect popular in Japan! rabbit  #jpn_food #Oisii #japan

what do the victims of the people being executed have to say about it? are they alive to say anything? 

Shoot at it. Fucking spics 

Getting praise by one of the most followed contractor sites on IG. TYSM contractors.of.insta for… 

be class if people would stop opening my fucking letters with my fuxkin name on em

When someone wakes you up at 5:00am to take them somewhere just to find out it was there off day     

Your obligations weigh you down now when you would rather be f... More for Sagittarius 

you gotta watch the ones that's close to you before the strangers and that's fucked up.

Can you fucking believe this? And the media gives her a pass 

just wanna know when my glo up is gonna happen so i can be a bad bitch

New legislation proposed to help end violence against women in 2017 #DV #VAWG 

Napa Valley Tesla This Barclay's Analyst Thinks Tesla Bulls Are Living In 'The Matrix' - Fortune… 

¤ NWT Betsey Johnson quilted SHOPPER Tote Be Mine handbag purse Cream/Black $128  

#FREE ebook -# Paranormal #Horror Amazon or iTunes (Worldwide link) -  BandN -… 

Next month is the best month to buy a new fridge! They typically go on sale around May in preparation for summer! #HomeLife

You're whistling while you work today, and it's almost as if y... More for Scorpio 

'Shark Tank' investor Barbara Corcoran reveals her top 3 productivity tricks  #productivity #todolist #getthingsdone

Now that you dragged me out.. I will fucking ruin your fucking day.

Cagondie bailando fucking shuffle en nava esto es la focking polla

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Blessed Mama Glittering Trucker Style Cap Hat Grey G..." by BHW.  #giveaway

r/Marvel and r/MarvelStudios mostly. The recent BS that is "diversity killed Marvel" has gotten every god damn parrot coming out of hiding.

#Best #Collectible Snape Dumbledore Ron Weasley Set of 3 Ornaments 3" #HarryPotter MISSINGHAND/WAND… 

which will be the monday after next. awoo. after honors day, a day without classes when i could work on it except i have to do the event

Isaac Newton died #OnThisDay 1727. Few scientists have shared his influence  by… 

Cheepu Devi Fans are so cute rozz stalk karke screenshots lete hein     lemme tell you one thing I DON'T GIVE A FLYING FUCK                

1) It is preposterous that the #RussianGovernment is #banning the #JehovahsWitness org. I research the theologically inconsistencies

I was told today that I looked 14/15 years old. I don't know whether to take that as a compliment, or an insult

Video: A Perfect Circle Debut New Song “Feathers” Live in Las Vegas  #metal #music

So the uni's just told me my tuition fees are increasing by £250py. A course that's had me in 2days a week, in a 55mill building that's wank

Hol up hol up hol up bitch hol up lil bih. Be humble bih sit down... sit down lil bih... 

State Prog Admin Intermediate-Vendor Specialist Job at State of Minnesota  / United States #UnitedStates #Jobs #Job…

This morning, our 8th graders took in city views from the top of the #MountRoyal. Happy to be in beautiful… 

#Orioles RT " New York Yankees, Masahiro Tanaka Look To Bounce Back In Middle Game  " #SportsRoadhouse

Not quite understanding this.Ones race isnt contingent upon their struggle.If it's in you its in you, right? Not th… 

A refresh of an over 2 week old wash and go styling done by #thecurlwhisperer Simply mist on your "Good morning... 

Marvel Heroclix NFAS Left Leg (Hulkbuster) Special Object A003  

Bitches that smell like dirty laundry <<<

Leftie scum of the worst kind like you and Maomata Didi have forced this situation 

80th Anniversary,Ray Ban Sunglasses Made in a Legitimate Factory,Come With New Box And Certificates… 

Join the EU-Startups #Conference on April 13 in #Berlin. Secure your tickets now!  #startups 

I fucking hate when people tell me I should change my ways

2002 Fleer Authentix WNBA #107 Sheila Lambert RC/2002 - NM-MT  

"To waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully." – Tryon Edwards

#3Novices : Miami Open: Federer defeats Kyrgios, will battle Nadal for crown  Rafael Nadal reached final by defeati…

I hate this damn job. But who gon supply me my Chick Fil A and drumkits if I quit? Not a damn soul.  

LOOK: John Cena Proposes to Nikki Bella to Marry Him at WrestleMania  

#vegas #boob fucking #overwatch #lansing soccer #juliaann #ebony turku #coimbra 

Im fucking confuseeddd. So Michael didnt die? #PrisonBreak

I herd Johansson's voice....what do I do?....would we make a good team....I'm digs and wiggles...ur a good genetic match too...I wanna sit

Street Style. Paris. Photo by Chris Fenimore.  #MensStyle #MensFashion #Style #Fashion 

Day 2 of movie challenge - Last movie watched - The Interview, Seth Rogen and James Franco being inappropriate as usual  

Corrine vibrating clit with rabbit and bullets fucking sperm 

Don't fucking spoil prison Break or we gonna fight!

fluent blondie fucking into both holes 

Will u answer questions if the asker is stoopid wuff — yes but only if they wiggle lots whilst asking 

FOUND: 04/06/2017 Whispering Hills Apartments. 230 Rim View Dr. Woke up to take the dogs outside and found... 

Government's initiative to provide one-off extra payment to recipients of Work Incentive ... - 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Each hardship you face is designed specially for you by your Creator. It's for you to get closer to Him. He knows you can handle it.

TIL that Michelin stars rating originates from the Michelin tire company itself #holyshit #mindblown

wtff by enabling 2FA on abc family: Shia LeBouf drops fucking acid, Dec 29 at all be my timeline

Apple News goes from walled garden to ‘well-lit garden’ with third-party measurement 

Laura fucked to orgasm and he spunks up her puss 

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

Giving up alcohol for just one month can improve liver function, decrease blood pressure, and reduce the risk of liver disease and diabetes.

Victims of latest chemical attack in Idlib, Syria deserve justice. I’ve signed to demand #JusticeforSyria, join me! 

New video: (Hot babe is in her white lingerie. She is with a couple of guys and) on SexyHarass -… 

There must be something in the air. I've been approached by two older women this week, that NEVER happens!

That doesn't fucking matter. I'm a yuri stan idiot. 

My best friends are trynna fix me and my yapping ass mouth so I can keep the good folks I love around. They want me happy n I dig it

Have I told you already to take things lightly? So I'm telling you again: take things lightly, deal with life lightly. Please love, lightly.

Tamil nadu pasumai Revolution why there Mr.PM and indian goverment.............. who are god ......

Bitch i got a smoothie with my chicken sandwich to reduce the fatness     

“When someone left you, do not cry because that is the message that you’re going to get a better one.”

One of my biggest accomplishments was conquering 3 islands on Poptropica and before I die I will conquer them all. 

I'm gonna share some of the inner workings of my brain with y'all: How are you supposed to care for and interact... 

#Freelance #job - I Need presentation with some data(Statistics) by vladimir1981 

just found out that i have to copyrighted videos on my Chanel because i was told it would be all right to use by PS4 share factory fuck

Had the privilege to sleep on a luxury bed last night. Magnificent sheets and all. I woke up feeling sore on my arms and back.

Life Coach Reveals Proven Method to Say Goodbye to Anxiety and Depression  

Man fucking one skinny brunette 

Im Frank. Discover which #Shameless character you are! START QUIZ:  

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

Here’s how much it costs to replace the 59 Tomahawk missiles Trump fired on Syria 

its a freedom of speech why u gotta be fucking salty abt it

I've just watched episode S02E13 of Drop Dead Diva! #dropdeaddiva  

It's Official: Obama Presidency Had Worst Economic Growth in Modern Era - 4th Worst in History! 

The way he fell back when he got hit , His legs just there in the air . His little tempur tantrum     Just has me dead asf everytime    

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

The habit of doing more than is necessary can only be earned through practice. 

im trying to not be on my phone during school but this guy in my class is pissing me off so bad i need a distraction

#girls playing sports nude two lesbian fucking 

Chick At Home Fucking Herself Anally With Toy 

10 percent of U.S. women with #Zika had deformed #fetus or baby, reports Karen Graham. 

Health: 5 Things You Need To Know Today>The top wellness news fo...  #health 

Ctfuuuuuuuuu *all you can do when everybody got you fucked up*

Oh, you did 3 clapping hands emoji. Congrats, you're the fucking worst.

Well, they have always said green #tea is good for you (sorry I will grow up soon) #Vietnam 

#AdviceAnimals I mean, I thought your thing was interesting so I took a look to help you out. Throw a brother a…… 

You don't always need to be around me because you remain inside me and i feel you when needed!! I trust you and I love you!! #lovelife

I grew older and my heart got colder and my mind got stronger and my money got longer and them bitches got naked and people started hatin

Remember to keep vents unblocked as it puts unneeded strain on your system, which costs you money! 

Report at 4:30 AM: Temperature: 61↓ Relative humidity: 72↑ Daily rain: 0.00.  #dfwwx

How can you say Manchester United is the official ambassador for Ogbono Soup? 

Can yall stop fucking up for cruising craigslist in search of some learning disabilities.

I can't stand bad ass parenting and bad ass kids make u wanna whoop both of they ass

Everytime Unooshaa yells Obiness to the max I die a little from inside. Not sure I can make it to the finale at this rate #MaldivianIdol

i have a headache and im about to cry how dense can he be!!!! fucking hell

The first 20 bookings quoting ‘Families Magazine’, will receive a complimentary goodie bag worth £55 including... 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

It's been quite awhile since I made post, and probably equally as long since I made a studio… 

Rapunzel's mother is just like how I imagine Aulea to be. Ahhh I'm so glad we get to see both her parents interacting with each other and her

Dispersal Zones in Hutyon with continue over the weekend and into Monday to tackle disorder in the areas. 

Police to deploy personnel at all Christmas services - Jakarta Post  #gianyar #balitoday

He's like Stalin. Doesn't see that we're individuals who make up a whole. Uncle Joe said: one death is a tragedy; 1… 

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

hghhhg doing laslow's and selena's supports is bringing back a lot of bad memories of the fe:a fandom...

watch more updated never been seen Vintage Sex shows #vintagehardcore  

Flippin' Fun Movie Night is back! This Friday we will host our monthly Movie Night from 7pm - 9pm.... 

Hottie chick Shane Blair wanted to be fucked: #blow_job Hottie chick Shane Blair wanted to be fucked - It's very…… 

You are acutely aware of your commitments today, but you're no... More for Sagittarius 

Pietra has been stalking my twitter ever since I left and I am one step away from calling the spolice.

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

slutload amature house wife fucking 

Home is where the weather is an appropriate mix of depressing and comforting 

Read our fucking conversation, look at your fucking tweets from April 7. FUCKING READ AND UNDERSTAND.

It's odd that as the weekend approaches you should start to fe... More for Leo 

What was the life saving story Dr. Carrell whispered to the stroke victim, Mr. Pearce? A REASON #instafreebie #read… 

Here’s How Much Money Bill O’Reilly Makes Fox News - If you’re wondering how it makes financial sense for Bill ... 

Kudos to Eleven Madison Park for #WorldsBestRestaurant and amazing bar talent! Love the #ScotchDumpling #OnTheMenu and… 

Trump should listen to his instincts and stay out of the Middle East: Opinion  

Attention UK #alumni! Have you joined our alumni network yet?  

#5YearswithEXO Five years ago, we watched boys grow. Now you are kings, we are still here with you. 234

#vids of fucking slave girls bard pitt nude 

If you want to march against Helen Zille why don't you instead of asking those who are marching against something else why they don't?

Boeing and JetBlue are investing in a startup developing an electric-powered aircraft  by… 

Hai Friends...Good morNing all....working still Saheba movie coming soon tc all  

Against the odds, a movie about Kashmir by Kashmiris with the message ‘If I can, so can others’ 

Addnvalue to pecple's newsfeed by Tweeting humor, int:resting vnformation, discounts, exclusives and life h,cks.

The church that survived the apocalypse, expressig that salvation lies in faith. #1102 VisualHaggard 

Pulse Insurance launches simple life cover for those with HIV  Great to see this area of the market being covered.

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

 Karlee Grey Takes a Hot Load of Cum on Her Huge Tits!: Length: 13:00 Keywords: big dick, po… 

If I don't get what I want then I don't fucking want it

Oh, yes he is a bad guy. It's so damn sickening 

Dnt yhu hate it wen youz babe go to sleep on yhu without lettin uk cx ik tht piss mhe tf off     

Trump Job Approval – Disapprove 58%, Approve 42% (Rasmussen Reports 3/29-4/2) 

Pupitar available until 10:57:21pm (22m 57s). Bite / Crunch (46.7% - 9/2/10) 

Our team were out in Cardiff City centre and Bay areas today looking after the public, and keeping them safe.… 

We don't think that Hillary has the regulations all things that we were going to Pennsylvania Avenue another.

A wild Snorlax appeared! It will be in Henderson until 11:25 AM.  

Oy vey, goy, don't you know the truth is anti-semitic? We don't want to hear a word of it! 

God doesn't have anything against gay people. In the bible its says " Man shall not sleep with boy" Which is pedophilia. Gay aint a sin

Sarcasm: the ability to insult idiots without them knowing.

The largest ever Chinese takeover deal has won EU and US approval  ^City AM 

Oh, and they're not Henry VIII powers by the way. Stop trying to make dictatorship sound quaint. Christ, the English are fucking drab.

You may finally decide to show your hand today. Although you w... More for Taurus 

yes ive fought. a lot. if you count the amount of "leakage" w/ the last one yes i won *smh* 

MILF gets throat and face fucked with CIM 

Learners intrinsically motivated when material=relevant, teacher=enthusiastic, students=psychologically safe. Yes… 

I never check msg requests on IG. One I just opened rn said "hey I see u like reggae, that's so cool". Must be my Bob Marley quote  .

I walked into fucking class and mr. yi was blasting ymca i want to die everyone was looking at me while walking in 

Anyone read Bamboo People? Currently reading book possibilities for middle-schoolers. Any suggestions?… 

wish I could change my body like play dough depending on my mood. Some days I wanna be model skinny, other days I wanna be video girl thick

Lol... Nia Jax is the first to be eliminated... Thought that was gonna be Bayley #WomensTitle #Wrestlemania

"You can bitch and you can complain or you can take a challenge and do right". #RomanReigns   #TalkIsJericho ♡

I can't be the only one that thinks certain notes and their placement in Paris bears more than a passing resemblance to Midnight City?

me getting fucked by a hung cuban guy 

You can tell when a Brexiter has lost the argument because they start saying they did it for the Greeks or the Spanish. No, you didn't.

#Delhi Apr 04 12:00 Temperature 11C Wind SW 19 km/h Humidity 80% Ontario .. 

CNN has its priorities. Attacking POTUS is more important than an atrocity to mankind. How they can keep this crap… 

Nasty #Schoolgirl loves getting #fucked in the ass  #hdvideo >>  

Everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today, but you k... More for Cancer 

Assad knows result of chemical weapons so do ISIS allies Turkey and Saudi which is why I believe more likely ISIS sla… 

Only six hours until I get place my arse in front of the laptop and play uunnnggghhh yes I love weekends

Soft ass manager needs to stop letting his players present themselves like this 

Please RT #interiordesign #decoration #architecture #home Say Hello to Halsbrook  

JetBlue Airways flight #JBU880 spotted 16 miles away traveling 197mph at 1,600 feet! 

". So much talent.   Four exciting ways Chelsea's defence could line-up under Antonio Conte next season -…

Lmao ima share my opinion regardless of if its "cute" or not if you dont like it fuck off 

I knew how to dye bundles now it's so easy , I'm glad cause I hate asking ppl to do anything for me period

I allowed to their acquaintance begun, for a crowd of friendship for we shall always spoken of their engagement with difficulty

Miltank available until 11:38:01pm (53m 46s). Zen Headbutt / Stomp (88.9% - 15/10/15) 

Get hit by a large vehicle/crashes car in #Eastenders = bruised cheek. Take a bath with music = certain death.

I'm so fucking clingy and needy I hate myself sm    

Managing #cybersecurity in Europe can feel like walking through a minefield, calculating risks with each step.… 

#KogiFirstLady is geared towards empowerment of both women and youths respectively. she bagged city people award

Thankful to have attended the Dialogue on Diversity Conference #change #bethechange #DOD17 

 FOUND OUT MY MUM VOTED LABOUR IN 1997 The issue here being in 1997 we lived in Diane Abbotts constituency,what a horrible discovery this is

Sometimes you have to forgive and forget. Forgive them for hurting and forget they even exist. #ALDUBKSGoesToUS

Gauge Fucked in the Ass By Friend 

Being able to put someone else's happiness before yours... That speaks loudly. That's love; in the most pure, beautiful and painful way...

Ain't he fucking that tranny Mia Isabelle   

You idiots can't differentiate between legal and illegal immigrants #standforrights2017 

Besides my lil friends I don't fucking like y'all.

You just alittle more love from the people here is in the UK. Giggs is better than that line to me though. The vers… 

Just when you're at your breaking point... you break through! #mondaymotivation #declaration #sales 

Apparently, donny* was out golfing the day they taught Warfighting 101 in warfighting school. *He'll get a capita… 

people committing to colleges sound like people accepting oscars "thank u for ur support, I'd like to thank my parents for this opportunity"

I don't need anger management but i need people to stop pissing me off.

Everything seems to be falling into place today. However, ther... More for Taurus 

He dishing that hoe these niggas fucking up 

Social media has become an important part of marketing. More and more people...  #marketing 

Wow! I just entered for a chance to win "Incredibly Realistic Flameless Candle W..." by Flamelike candles.  #giveaway

3 weeks ago State fans didn't even know it was basketball season.   I'm the only person from MS NOT cheering for state and that's ok with me!

I STILL don't understand that blonde part in the beginning of the Pepsi commercial lol. Like what was the message?

You would use a fucking belt to beat your child when she doesn't even understand what she did wrong? I hope you'll… 

HUUUGGGEEE sequence of events their for Rangers and Yu after he walked the bases! Yu turned 2 and then the grounder to Nap! #OpeningDay

Man Was Trapped In Muddy Pond For Hours With His Nose Just Above Water After His Excavator Toppled 

We want Unbiased Court Proceedings in Asaram Bapu Ji's case #RemoveUnfairPOCSOlaw and stop POCSO Misuse ASAP!

DC outcome of Zille: To further the aims of colonialism by doing community service and paying R50k and publicly apologise.

I learned something new tonight... there is an electric bagpipe... how odd. #folixa 

Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison

A Walk in the Woods (2015) 1hr 44m [15] A travel writer decides to hike the Appalachian Trail and enlists his l...… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

FPL, Veterans Florida, partners to create clean energy opportunities for vets 

Fucking in a fucking golf cart 

#EthanDolanLeaked WTF ETHAN?!?! WTF?!?! GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER

Road rage in Australia? It's basically a bunch of indecipherable squawking: It's often said… 

Temperature: 47.8°F | Humidity: 60% | Pressure: 29.85in (Rising) | Conditions: Overcast | Wind Direction: NNE | Wind Speed: 17.0mph

26' and Hume takes the lead, their striker Prasad scoring with a long ball from the keeper. C'mon Sharks ps4nplvic #PMvHC

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

Twitter needs a fucking edit button    

The following organizations and groups have either collaborated or are collaborating with the CHC. Learn more here:… 

i know ive said this millionth times already but HARRY FUCKING STYLES.

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

If you’re in between jobs, there are still plenty of ways to keep yourself (and your career!) relevant.... 

Benedict Cumberbatch is a damn stupid name. I hope history doesn't remember him fondly. I hope his legacy becomes trash.

Me as a baby (the one in the middle) do whatever you feel is needed to make it cooler! #FixPix 

The Daily Show Just Popped Sean Spicer's Inflated Ego With This Hilarious Skit #TheResistance 

20 minutes on the phone with Office 365 support in India to get an account unlocked. Now they're escalating it. It's one fucking checkbox.

How many toes do you have to break to use the automated scooters at the grocery store? I'm only at one pinky but would sacrifice like 2 more

My dream dog!     Well second dream dog - pugs is my first - but if I were to get one now it would defo be a German… 

$VIX folks, has the front month ever been in backwardation with spot at this level? I'm guessing yes, it just feels so strange.

#Progressives and #Libetards are terrified; its game over now that Trumps in Charge 

Nothing muzzles my Twitter as quickly as getting an email from my agent with the phrase "waiting for network approv… 

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

I think she's crying that she can't sing it, mayb not necessarily reciting. She for sha talk the words if she sabi 

Senate approves SB258, requiring health centers to bury or cremate fetal remains, 22-9. Sent to House. #txlege

Tyra Banks Removes Contestant Age Limit on ‘America’s Next Top Model’  

What's your favorite girlfriend you had in any school year?? Plz answer my question 

Me: maybe someday fire emblem fans will stop yelling at each other abt their shitty waifus Me, seeing another thread abt camillas tits: huh

**UPandUP - A HEAD FULL OF DREAMS** -so the boys worked with noel gallagher and chris was a lil fangirl basically -e… 

#Digital Europe: Realizing the continent’s potential  

Birdseye Design clads Vermont dwelling in salvaged wooden boards  

Follow our coffee van this weekend.. Serving you free coffees, bottles of water and lollipops. Visit us at any of... 

4/7 is #WorldHealthDay. This year #LetsTalk about #depression, leading cause of disability  

101 idiot drivers in Texas 

Poland.pl: Blocking bullets – A Polish speciality #science #innovation #Poland  

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

How to Create 10x Content Have you ever written an article only to be scared of publishing it? Or you are worried 

Army Chief 3 Roza Dauray Pr Bartania Puhnch Gae + Port Of Spain: Pakistan Ka 4th T20 Mn West Indies K Khilaf Tos Jeet Kr Fielding Ka Faisla:

I'm such a weirdo.. I literally sit in my house more than half the day in silence. Like the tv is on but on mute and im jus in my phone

Losing all limbs bloody hell spiders over there are no joke 

Buhari Has Abandoned Us To Suffer, Without The Usual Ghana Must Go Bags – Top Minister Cries Out, Set To Dump APC  ''

[Trending Now] Vhong Navarro Sings Eat Bulaga's Theme Song on It's Showtime Live! See how the Other Hosts Reacted!… 

My girlfriend gotta be on my ass about shit or imma feel like she don't care about me lmfao and leave

Test all things, and hold firmly that which is good. Abstain from every form of evil. 1 Thes 5:21-22 Sounds so simple, but do we do it?  

#kotaku #evening_favorites The Concourse Look At This Fucking Asshole | Jezebel How ModCloth Strayed From Its…… 

this fic just threw me the biggest curveball of my life i had to turn off my screen n contemplate a lil

#KnowTheMan Why we are getting born and die? must know #संतरामपालजी के  

When your girl constantly accuses you of cheating and you get pressured to cheat just to match her expectations <<<<<<

The Big Yard Sale is tomorrow and Saturday in Ajo. KW volunteers/interns were busy getting everything ready -- Start time is 7:30 am!

worst part about getting highlights is sitting under the damn heat  

" I like fucking bitches lives up " .... " why ? " ........ " Because they think I caint "             ‍

Our HOT #Warlock has caught a #mermaid with bite and getting covered in KRAKEN sex ink is just the start! #erotica… 

Eunhyuk's birthday, yoo ah in's new drama, sechskies and winner comeback, sechskies 20th anniv, 1kyne. April is nice. I love April   

Pittsburgh Steelers Autographed Signed Card Lot (6) Auto Bruener Colquitt Hoge +  #Pittsburgh #Steelers #Football

Wind 0 km/h SSW. Barometer 1017,9 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 17,1 °C. Rain today 0,9 mm. Humidity 51%

When ya mom ain't never yelled at you ever and when your at a family function she decides to discipline you 

"I'm coming, my darling angel!" I screech, as I fall down two flights of stairs in my haste to reach my whimpering dog.

A 70+ yo man is sitting across from me rn and getting a pedicure while drinking a Miller Lite #tgiftoyousir

The Pennsy had a great record for preserving its past - and yet let these incredible machines all go for scrap in the… 

It's really a waste of time trying to prank me tbh...now that I think about it. Lmaooooo I real life ignore them all the time

Teaching domain name investing to the world: #Sedo went out of its traditional comfort zone to discuss #domaininve…… 

Inches from doom: Are these the luckiest people EVER?  

Following The Success Of 'Get Out', Jordan Peele Might Direct The Live-Action 'Akira' Movie  

Peak when u still feel shitty abt smth that happened a year ago but no one believes u so ur jus left to be like  

Several days of bad luck of getting Normal and Rare non-character weapon... I finally got Mary, one of the rarest R… 

I was searching for the faux leather one bc I'm allergic to wool it makes my skin itch and my tongue swell   I'm praying it fits

Triple H lolks like a fucking beast driving that. #Wrestlemania

NEWS: Activision Blizzard wants to make a cinematic universe for Call of Duty that resembles Marvel’s universe 

"this research initiative was started by the previous president, not the current one. This one isn't interested in science". #MicDrop

Even i know that thats fucked up   

And so it begins...good luck with your refugees and their religion of 'peace' 

Yall cry and cry and cry about celebrities not making a stand or a difference when YOU can make a fucking stand AND a difference

It's Tuesday,Today and for good!! I will be working from this location on n.w. 27ave and… 

9 College Students Reveal The Craziest Thing That Ever Happened In Their Fraternity Or Sorority. 

sry ur star athletes made TERRIBLE choices but stop trying to help THEM and start trying to help the victims bc their lives are TRULY AT STAKE

Do you have to write business proposals? The Proposal Kit  The EASY Way to Write Proposals 

Hold the hell up! I'm watching Black'ish and Bow said Devantè was the least important member of Jodeci. I've never been so outraged

A drop in tourism means major losses to pretty much everyone in #Miami.  by #MiamiNewTimes

The peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. Phil 4:7

"Go take your test now!! you're not gonna learn anything between now and 12 anyways. We are going to sing karaoke tonight!!"

daisy just sent me a video of her in a tree that we used to climb at the park in elementary that says "i love delilah" carved into it wtf   

FUCKING SUNSCREEN. i like you already. 

Happy bday to my mans Mikey. TU this weekend or what? Hope ur day was great and u ate some cake   

It's not Friday night without your two year old ripping off a poop filled diaper and redecorating the living room. #shithappens

Best of luck to Sarah O Malley and Sarah Walsh who will take part in She's Ace competition tomorrow in Conna... 

#inspiration You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. -David Harold Fink #quotes #followme

Several Muslims are using the tafsir to extrapolate the meaning of a particular Quranic verse #ep3_MandS 

AINTREE - NOVICES STEEPLE CHASE Bet GBP30 on the first race Get GBP6 more info.. -  

Not watching as I don't get Yes2, to be fair. Small sample to say This is just what Lin does. But BKN clearly bette… 

#HarryStyles celebrates 22nd birthday with Taylor Swift quote... #HarryStyles 

What is a leadership identity crisis? And are you having one? This #FridayReads piece explains more. 

Stolen Truck Plows Through Crowded Stockholm Street and Slams Into Store in 'Act of Terror'  #news

Kinda wanna go to the park and swing, kinda wanna go get a bottle of wine and some pizza and binge watch 13 reasons

"Trump Calls Congressional Inquiry a ‘Witch Hunt’" by JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS via NYT  

I've been fucking hoes and poppin pillys man I feel just like a rockstar

The dumb muslim women who sleep with a stranger to save their marriage  Islam is cancer. What a retarded cult!

Fucking Walters!!!!!!!! WE SHOULD HAVE HAD A PENALTY FUCK OFF!!!!!!

piss me off when i'm in a bad mood and you'll never hear from me again

Ffs this is fucking spot on      

A cappuccino for dog people <EMOJI>️ I was treated to this super stylish beverage at The Charles Café in Cape Town,... 

She still freakin refuses to leave evac zone because "according to neighbours street hasn't flooded in 50 years." FFS!

Ask I lost the debate so I'm going to insult you now cause I have no other comes backs. Typical bitch ass nigga on… 

2.75 CT. Colombian Green emerald Pear Shape EGL Certified Loose gemstone U-5281  

This "Throwing Elbows" remix i found is fuckin insane    

Are you loyal??? Cause you cute.... — I can say im loyal and b lying i can only prove with ... 

The abridged version of this week's cover story on the colorful past of the Coral Sea: 

Virtual enough for me so I accept the job as it leaves me free to concoct whatever stories I will about Dalek and let Big Hal take the rap.

Ok.. might have to see if I can watch some of these episodes. VERY interesting IF true. 

Recent comment from Brad Minton (building in Aledo) "I'm sure you are aware, but -OBN Framer- is the BOMB! Best... 

I think its time Not to blame the Coaches, Our players are Fucked Up!!!

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

Great story! Accepted, 8 times over: Ohio quadruplets earn spots at Yale, Harvard 

"Susan Rice Lauded Obama Admin. For Getting Assad To Turn Over Chem. Weapons Without ‘Use of Force' 

And my perennial complaint: another year is evidently going to pass with no sign of Prokofiev's War and Peace...

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of the Pirate Empress Boa Hancock!  #TreCru 

A beautiful early #FanArtFriday. Thank you madstidart!!     #Repost madstidart ・・・ Another… 

Lot of game left, but all of you guys who DM'd me back saying "under 137" and "South Carolina all day" enjoy no more free 5U Bombs

Pick up any good comics today that I get anxiety over trying to plan how to save up to 80% off! #comics

#Monogram #Tumbler Double Wall Insulated Stainless Steel Big Size #thepersonalexchange 

I used to beat my family, yell at minorites on the street until i read Gorilla Mindset and learnt to control my emo… 

Patrick's 'idek what he did with the beef tenderloin' and seasoned baby potatoes and asparagus by yours truly.   

Humiliating Defeat in 1962 war with #China still in Forefront of Indian- Chinese relationships 

My little boy is so tired, I've just had to give him a breathing exercise to help him sleep... He's not used to dancing late at night :-)

#Khaidino150 #ramcharan my dear ramcharan tej please see my video and try to release the picture in kerala.… 

#Hollywood #Celebs Jessica Alba Posing For #Photo 8x10 Picture Celebrity Print  #JessicaAlba 

This is what happens when your child allows you to eat during 1st trimester and then you break your ankle so you can't exercise   

April Fools Life Hack Step 1: Come to her as a woman Step 2: Say "April Fools" afterwards Step 3: Continue fucki… 

I can see clubs like the Tigers who are known for producing juniors giving up if other clubs keep taking them after… 

Graphic! Trapped lion Taiz zoo survives bombs and guns but need food and meds. U.S. charity  

Aah... To feel intense human emotions can be startling, but-- I don't mind if it's just my heart throbbing whenever I look at Gine-chan.

World's no1 Super duper Dual #SelfieExpert #OPPOF3Plus is better than others and Lovely look wish to win signed by… 

I asked my sister to get my something while I was in the shower so she brings it to me and says, "have fun" and walks away

CES MMA 42's Luis Felix: Return to wrestling roots brought me back to…  #Road2War5 Tix:  #MMA

Dismantle her piece by piece, set fire to her soul and lovingly reassemble her as she asks you to do it all over again

The biggest mistake you can make is listening to people who've given up on their dreams telling you to give up on yours. - Umair Hague

shoutout to 13rw for being so good with knowing how long it takes to make bruises and cuts heal, it made it seem more real

Can this finally be the year when we all agree to stop giving a fuck about Game of Thrones, for the love of god I am begging

Kawhi Leonard makes strong case for MVP: Kawhi Leonard told the San Antonio Spurs before his rookie season that he… 

Proud to have Mr.Pankaj Singh, MLA and General Secretaty, BJP, UP as the Chief Guest to inaugurate our Incubation Cel… 

I wonder what it's like to be the annoying kid in class. Like is he that retarded or does he know he's annoying and just doesn't care

i used to re read old sexts and think that i need jesus now i re read old sexts and i'm proud of myself

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I had two exams and had to choose 1 or the other to study for and the 1 I didn't study for I passed with an 81  

The Trump administration has unforced errors and self-inflicted wounds galore  #Washington #Post #news

OKAY I GUESS THEY DO. THAT'S COOL. NOW, WHAT ABOUT REMOVING SOMEONE FROM A REPLY? HOW'S THAT WORK NOW?

We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Community Marketing Specialist -  #LifeatICE #Tourismcareers

Practice your boiled eggs for #Easter! Add some Serrano #Ham to it!  

SOCKS and SANDALS. Not an #AprilFoolsDay prank, just dope style.  

The warships of USA + Southkorea make in the meantime actions in front of Kim Uns coast. 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

TREVO LLC based in Oklahoma city is seriously looking for distributors  

Update: apparently my whole family ate dinner without me cos they thought i ate :)))) i was starving waiting to eat together with yall :))))

 Adidas Yeezy Boost 350 V2 Black Green BY9611 Zebra Beluga Sz 9 100% Authentic

Nadal vs Federer Live Stream Link ►  Link ►  . #MiamiOpen

#getout by #JordanPeele just hit 150M in North America, l just hope that when my #film #NightCreaturesMov premieres l do better, lm believe

 Ghost in the Shell hits theaters this weekend find out if… 

#nude beaches of france samoans girls fucking 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#RspcaSussex,BrightonEastGrinstead Nadia: 4 years, spayed female, Cross breed. Read Blog: 

Your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day, and you may... More for Sagittarius 

Dog - 1.Important member of the family 2.The reason food disappears if left unattended 

exaggerated (adj) // unduly or unrealistically magnified: to have an exaggerated opinion of oneself        

#NBA Wire: North Carolina's bathroom law is NCAA's new morality play  

Oh     now I just know you..... Sorry for being rude but I really just know you like 5min ago 

News from the #Momron Newsroom! Church Leaders Invite Young Native American Members to Temple Square 

WATCH: Senate fight over Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch goes nuclear  

#читаю #новости 'Steps are underway' to oust Syria's Assad, Tillerson says: submitted by /u… 

Oh bitch don't try me I will end your fucking life

Our Corporate Recovery partner and R3 Midlands chairman Chris Radford comments on new East Mids insolvency figures: 

VIETNAM WAR SURPLUS CHINESE M65 GAS MASK, As used by NVA and Viet Cong forces  #vietnam

Trump warns Russia who is propping up Assad regime to move troops and equipment and they tell Assad. Sorry, this nothing but PR stunt.

Can u imagine if frat boys had 2 ask girls to formal like they did prom? Just a sign that says "sorry I forgot ur name 4 times.. formal?"

remember you have to rt AND follow to win!! I wanna get this and my followers to 100 by the time this closes, pleas… 

 #GPS #Navigation GARMIN eTrex 12 Channel GPS Hand-held Receiver Personal Navigator Hiking Hunting #Cars…… 

Always the limber conversationalist, your mind stretches into ... More for Libra 

Exactly?? I'll just scroll through and "you make me a tad uncomfortable sooo" *quietly sbs* 

#sex in the rain girl butt fucked 

If you're a Readium member and have not yet voted in the Board election (I'm running for re-election) please do now. I ask for your vote.

#Minecraft Instead of making my own custom crafting recipes, I'm busy working on my own…  

YOU made you feel better. :) But I am glad that I could help. We're all in this together. 

i've literally never heard of wrestle mania why are so many youtubers obsessed all of a sudden i think i missed the memo

Unhappy holidaysWhen are children happiest? When at school, research suggests 

Well its not our concern   Hahah editing has reached New level you never know what is Truth and what is fake 

Nothing is holding back your imagination now, freeing you to e... More for Aquarius 

Wow, did you know there's a social network specifically for finding talent and reaching out to people for applying jobs? :)

How a Chinese American Church Saved a Family  #Christian #Jesus 

indian girls fucking pictures #arion porn movie 

My team members work DARN hard to inspire others and support them in becoming the best versions of themselves! #coachlife

Even Peaches Geldof's kids couldn't 'close the gap' caused by her heroin addiction, says…  UK New Entertainment

MLB gonna be great at FanVice. If you're not a sub yet, you're only excuse is tomorrow is pay day 

BREAKING: CIA Director John Brennan and Susan Rice Targeted Sean Hannity and Others For Surveillance ⋆ 

Boyfriend Spends 5 Months Secretly Asking His Girlfriend To Marry Him. And She Has No Clue!  >

That daily baby aspirin for your #heart just might be preventing colon #cancer too. 

If you'd read the small print of the EU negotiating document, you'd be worried for...  

Can ppls pls stop telling me they find it offensive how I identify.  Dont use it if you dont like, but dont deny other ppl their labels ffs!

Talk from 2010, but would be completely relevant if given today. It's not political, but would seem so if you didn'… 

As much as we love avocados, it can be toxic for our pets. No guac for them means more for you! #AFMsweepstakes -… 

When u make a girl ur gym partner.. and she be making u do girl exercises all da time and accidentally make u... 

IDK who told guys "how's your day going" is a good conversation starter but y'all should get your money back

I have it well made for me, but I keep fucking around   ‍

This is a snow globe I sculpted years ago. The Hobbits were indide the globe and the… 

The foundation stones for a balanced #success are honesty, character, integrity, #faith, love and loyalty. Zig Ziglar

University Professor: 'I Tried Not to Vomit' When Passenger Gave Up Seat to Soldier via Geller ... 

wow did u know that i didn't want to move back do u know how hard I fought to look for a place to stay

【SAMURIZE】三代目 J Soul Brothers from EXILE TRIBE / Be alright (BLUE IMPACT...  ★

tw/ you fucking raped a girl, and ruined her life. "b4 she happened" ?????? you did this to yourself. rot in hell 

Who taught you your craft? Here's how I started sewing.  

My professor is late bc of a doctor's appointment so he called a student and then gave us instructions for group work over speakerphone

Great turn out at 2nd annual QA Financial Forum in London. Great content (and it's sunny) #qaffl #qa #testing… 

Did Che Guevara do anything wrong (other than get captured)? He was… — He was a Marxist who supported Fidel Castro. 

I'm sure that's why he was allowed to defect. To tell the US Kim Jong-Un is nuts and spread fear. 

Britney Spears did it again ... her concert has delayed an election in Israel. 

They need to bin off Helen Chamberlain. Just awful. Get ANYONE else on there. Anyone except Rachel Riley who is as annoying. #SoccerAM

Much Ado About Anne (Mother-Daughter Book Club)  #tweensfiction 

Attempt missed. Edgar Méndez (Alavés) header from the left side of the six yard box is high and ...  #ESPDPA

  YASSS It's time for a great show   B Â $ £ Ł  :شتقتلكووو  

I'm fucking sick of being insulted. You moved me in why the fuck are you still here

Failure to PLAN is planning for failure. Camet your goals to paper! #motivation #mindset #justdoit #goals… 

Juliette Lewis Sighting: Los Angeles, California/ Pacific Theatres at the Grove 

Some of my favourite lines are spoilery, but I quite like this description of Riley, which more or less sums him up: 

GAY XXX VIDEOS - UPDATE DAILY More here  Furby and Blueboy sit on a futon touching each oth… 

Mom to brother (5): Would you switch your sister? Brother: No, ever if we got offered a pretty one. WELL THEN.

It's Wednesday, we're half way through the working week and we hope that today brings you some great moments!… 

We're Totally Loving These Quirky Beauty Trends From LFW 2017  

JACKASS JUST LIKE HIS FATHER!!!!!!!!!! 

Iggy Azalea Says She Lost 15 Pounds in a Week From Twerking #Health #SexLife #DietTips #SexualHealth 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

I apologize to all Final Four visitors for the driving habits in my state. I hope you all were able to handle the d… 

Wrong headline. Should mention that without any evidence Trumps accuses Rice of a crime. 

You can bury your feelings as effectively as the next person, ... More for Scorpio 

Hate when some 1 starts to tell me something then says nvm like na nigga you gotta tell me now  

RY:And then, ‘yung mga cameramen, they were training for it palang. JSM:Training while taping JOCHARD SERYE SOON… 

ThinkProgress > EPA to cut programs that keep children safe from lead ~  #children #safety #EPA

At the end of #Trump's presidency, we're gonna have a new amendment that says, "Candidate must have X years of political experience"

Honestly working over night is so bomb bc me and my boss just get fucked up and dance in the back   

Cardinals take on LCA tonight at Cardinal Field. Come down and cheer on the Cards! 

Sometimes I have to step back and ask myself if I'm making this shit up or is what I think I'm seeing really what I'm seeing  

Aww Clay. He should've told her that he loved her it would have made a big difference but I'm glad he got Bryce! 

SeymoreButts Flower gets throat and butt fucked 

We're hosting a Toiletry Drive with AEPi to benefit Rosie's Place! We'll be tabling in Curry from 2-6pm! Come by to… 

Justice for Shark Used in Idiotic Stunt 

Kansas House fails in attempt to override Medicaid veto: reports  

Older Women Romancing Younger Men: Couples Who Proved That Age Is Just A Number #Philla...  

The hardest part about applying for jobs is the employment history because I done had some many jobs I don't know which one to put on resumé

#marr 'there are always lessons to be learned' = we're fucked

When your inner demon is getting all hyped up but you've got to behave..........pigilan niyo ko pls gusto ko manakit  

They pinch my cheeks and touch my hair and a lot of people confuse me with a girl! But I'm 100% completely totally a boy!

Yet another reason to not rely on sirens as your warning system. Not to mention how many times they sound late. G… 

In my defense I was also taking my Vit D and the mad bastard painkillers with my food so it needed heft

pac probably lookin down at us from heaven, watchin the all eyez on me trailer thinkin "lmao that man got a big ass head what is u doin"

Hahahhahaha I swear to god I can never catch a fucking break

"I write in the night, to bring truth to the light. My dialogue is my own cause smooth b will never bite"

How Carrie Fisher Created Princess Leia and Reclaimed Her Legacy  

my sense of humor: - ironinkpen: suggesting “kill them” as punishment for an extremely disproportionate... 

They done fucked all the way up!!!!!! 

Meet Adam this little guy was rescued from the hoarding house he is approx 4 months old neutered and up to date... 

Why is this going viral? Why is this news? Why are y'all so hurt? Is it our business? Why are black girls still mis… 

Protect your car from the elements, rocks, and insects with our paint protection film to keep your car looking new. 

Tranny chick Julia fucked 

A woman donated a kidney to her boss, who then fired her when she took too long to recover from the operation.

Back to back meetings on a gorgeous sunny day? Well at least it's inspiring and rich in… 

RBI drifts from rate focus, targets cash glut, health of banks: Key takeaways  

Me: I have 50mins of overtime, so I'm leaving at 4:40 Universe: what if you left at 6 instead? Me: uh U: also picke… 

You aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your... More for Virgo 

Governance problems for Andrew Demetriou. "ASQA moves on two more colleges" 

Share us. Shop. Use iSHARE for additional Discounts on El Gueguense The Wise Man Churchill Cigars... 

You are a force to be reckoned with wherever you go now, and ... More for Aries 

UPDATE: A21 from Broni to Voghera still unusually bad. Will add 1h 1m to your drive! 

When your dad only FUCKING talks about Trump all day and watches CNN ALL DAY!! It's annoying I have to go in my roo… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

when the lefties are selfish and say they want both equality AND human rights 

#trading #forex #binaryoptions Kite Pharma (KITE) Gaining After Presenting At AACR This Weekend - 

 Generosity and Prayer and Compassion and Love Are More Linked Than Many Realise!

Searching for the elusiveness that surrounds us all. Collage of movement in the first photo and what I believe is a… 

What to do before moving to China (especially re. tech)  #chineseforumscomnewtopics

# I Will Design Attractive Resume, Cv And Cover Letter For You in 24 hour for $5 on #Fiverr 

3 New Facebook Updates, Features Businesses Should Take Advantage Of  

Fuck no both my men ain't shit in school lls one on the run from the Feds and the other be stealing clothes he stay… 

Women make 78 cents to the dollar. That's less $ to find the perfect palm tree, colorful street, or Brazilian to sl… 

New Story: William Tennent High School Junior Varsity Baseball falls to Central Bucks West High School 10-6 

The National Service Scheme has released PIN Codes for prospective national service personnel for the 2017/2018... 

Trump is gonna take half of congress down with him. We are not getting impeachment with a GOP congress it's just no… 

If there was a scholarship for pissing your dad off I think I could go to Harvard and become a doctor all expenses paid

Boeing and ULA demo their Emergency Egress System for crewed space launches  

Happy birthday, Papa. You'll always be the best Lolo ever. Enjoy your birthday in Heaven. Love you.   

I seriously can't find me a faithful guy from my town, they a bunch of hoes and annoying mfs

BENICIA (KPIX 5) – With a spring storm rolling in, some people in Benicia have stacked up sandbags in front of... 

News roundup: Union seek points at home as questions swirl, USWNT beat Russia, and more 

NASTY FREAK BLACK GIRLS LOVES COCK 

I've been waiting for like 3 amazon orders for several weeks now because the dates keep changing for the arrival time.  

Notification of inability to timely file Form 10-K 405, 10-K, 10-KSB 405, 10-KSB, 10-KT, or 10-  $MKKH

NY Attorney General Schneiderman sues Trump: 'We won't hesitate to use the full force of our office'. Do it! 

I never said they were talking about her on your tw... — wym? you don't make sense, all i said was lmk how y... 

It's such a beautiful day outside! We have all the windows open.     . . . . . #choosejoy2017… 

fucking bootalicious installer 

I want to pastel tie dye my "dump him" shirt but I don't know even where to even fucking begin 

I found this awesome recording of "Fantasy Fight VA [English]" on #Smule:  #SingKaraoke

One more for the day! Rogue One Series 2 JYN ERSO, Sketch Card ARTIST PROOF by DAN COONEY  

Using my iPhone for the next six months is really, really going to suck - BGR 

#feedthekids, jeremy corbyn's popularity has soared, since announcing his plans for free school meals. he is the most liked MP ever.        

I must just be retarded or something like that innit

This #job might be a great fit for you: Kitchen Leader -  #livezoes #Hospitality… 

look at that lineup lah, fucking hell. 

Yup look who's fucking talking now, fucking moron #WWIII 

Scared for my fucking life 

You're not necessarily the most vocal one in your group, but y... More for Virgo 

This lil nigga so mad that drake literally used HIS flow to say "taller in person, you'll see when we meet" 

i pray i don't get a bad ass child because i'm handing out whoopings like candy. wassup

2 very clear debris signatures in close proximity. Very dangerous situation. Heed warnings and take cover! #lawx 

This was too cute not to post. Augusta-bound Emree Cameron explains how she got her first rabbit by winning her fir… 

You will never live a happy life if you always care what others think of you. 

fuck me like you hate me kiss me like you miss me ;)

One thing I'm incredibly grateful in this life is my network. I'm surrounded by the most accomplished and genuine people.

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

The New Celebrity Addiction: Calling Donald Trump a Megalomaniac - Heat Street: Heat Street The New…  #Celebrity

me trying to explain how svt r the only kpop bgroup tht i buy their album physicals 

If u r my girl, Ima be ur #1 fan and hype u up 24/7. If u r ever feeling sad just send me a selfie. I'll gas u up til u feel like a princess

Atlanta just caught tornadoes, a massive fire, and an earthquake within days...We may be overdue for missles...

ATTI: #ML07Red Bus 291 on the Red Line has left the Depot to Evansdale and Star City:4/7/2017 9:01:00 AM

Soccer #Livescore: (VIE-VL1) #SongLamNgheAn vs #HoChiMinhCity: 1-1. Goal for Ho Chi Minh City ...

5 Crore people in India are suffering from Depression. Let's break the silence, and end the stigma. #LetsTalk 

I just added #bestoffer to all of my listings on #ebay totally NOT an #aprilfoolsday prank! 

#scenicrim road condition update 12pm Saturday. A large number of roads have reopened with a "caution" advisory.... 

bitches be blocking me on they nigga page, i promise i don't want yo ugly ass nigga.

Finished Cycle with #cyclemeter, on ! Bienne Lake route, time 1:42:26, distance 41.65 km, behind median ride 1:30.

Want to have ass rimming? Don't delay skilled brunets are waiting! Check it out!  

Yogi Adityanath Backs Talks To Resolve Ram Mandir Issue  

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

Perhaps if the freakin coach let them play, then maybe they can stop thinking and play ball. #gamecocks #NCAAMarchMadness

This is so terrible, God bless all of the innocent civilians who are about to experience such senseless violence 

I Really Hate When People Just Stare Like Damn Is There Something On My Face       Like What You Looking At   ‍

You know your office orders in waaay too often when the restaurant starts writing personal notes with deliveries… 

First panel: "The #ACA: Achievements, Challenges and What Comes Next", moderated by Professor Sara Rosenbaum 

I mean...if you want to sow allll of the oats. Find them. Sow them. For those of you that don't...there's nothing wrong with that.

NARBADA GEMS AND JEWELLERY LTD. - 519455 - Outcome of Board Meeting  #ShareBoss  The Bo..

Teacher Accused Of Kissing Pupils Said His Tongue Fell Into Children’s Mouths 

I cant get over the pretty blue. Its so stunning... Aura point bar necklaces available in the… 

If you don't have flexibility, put your dates the search engines like anyone else and find the best prices. (6/11) #travedeals #flightdeal

i didnt rt a post that said i'll get 4 years of bad luck if i don't rt the post Bitch try me 

Mind fucked that a pack of cigarettes are over 9 fucking dollars  

Purses double hearts 925 silver necklace and bracelets set !  

LUNACY: A 1930's Southern Romance - This Video Book Trailer was created for LUNACY: A 1930's Southern ...… 

Lukaku: “I’ve been in this league since 2011, every time I’ve played against him my hardest games were against him.… 

ur answer towrds my question is clear. nvm . i fell so bad . do others really cant accept my flaws ? this is so heartbreaking .

Today is the day! The Spring Lawn and Garden Sale is at the Expo Building State Fairgrounds. 8am - 4pm and it's on... 

Aircraft spotted: Flight EZY16AG is 108.3 miles away and travelling 505 kts at 25875 feet | 

Tell me lies, ooh, girl, tell me lies Say you're mine, I'm yours for the night 

There's a typewriter here in front of me and just now I realised I keep playing with V xD 

You must be really insecure or just a fucked up person

If you've never participated in a Passover seder, which celebrates the exodus of the Israelites from captivity... 

Nothing like shooting off weapons to excite men who think it manly. If they let him do these things with no penalty… 

Fascinating previlage of being in #Nepal is don't have to use weather app ever, appreciate what you have :) #weather #AmazingNepal

Ur scared cuz ur nefarious plans of character assignation has been outed. Hope fed pen serves u well. Hope u practi… 

19 companies pull advertising from 'The O'Reilly Factor': GlaxoSmithKline, BMW, Mercedes-Benz and more have pulled…… 

Damn it. I really wish I hadn't clicked on the IMDB quotes page for THE LAST BOY SCOUT. Now I want to watch it.

Theresa May outlined her vision for a ‘hard’ Brexit from the European Union- well done 

Improving outcomes means understanding barriers to care and doing something about it. #DisruptingHealthcare 

After the 94 war, North #Yemen expelled more than 500k southerners from their jobs #SouthYemen #Fight4Freedom #اليمن 

There is a differance between waiting for you love and ignore the rest and waiting while you have fun with others.

Worst finale ever, shit didn't happen #TWD #TWDFinale

My math teacher cancelled class for tomorrow and said we can take home our test   Sooooo who a math tutor 

The dogs are gonna pose nicely whilst I take a picture of them through the side mirror, right?… 

My body is so swollen rn. I bet it's because of that stupid pancake I tried to eat today

Ok, congress and president, its time to go back to D.C. And help mr. trump put together a coherent plan for this quagmire.

Sitting only 7 follows away from that 800 mark! Anyone wanna hook it up? #Twitch #Follow  

Click here to watch the movie:  Nikki Daniels fucking him before he gives a speech 

Hello, I am a jaded student of History. Please do not preach your interpretation of scriptures to me because I will demolish you.

The Wicked need to endlessly and extravagantly promote their sins because in the cold light of day and sanity they… 

I found this awesome recording of "Midsapayta - khomieni" on #Smule:  #SingKaraoke

Just got a speeding ticket going 52 in a 35 because I was handing Carson his bottle and the speed zone changed RIGHT there

[GIZMAG] Does Samsung Galaxy S8 bungle biometrics with insecure facial recognition? 

Sat 21:00: Partly Cloudy; Temp 3.7 C; Wind SW 13 km/h; Humidity 81%; Press 101.9 kPa / rising; Health Idx 2.4.

Herbal teas are not actually teas, they don't contain any leaves from the plant "camellia sinesis". Instead they are infusions.#T2Moments

Please RT! #games #videogames 'The Walking Dead: March to War' Hopes Its Survivor System Sets It Apart… 

When u take a quiz and they tell u ur 100% crazy about potatoes tell me something I don't know like carb the fak up bitch

Walk in the Rocky Point Pine Barrens Preserve and lunch at Moe's. Beautiful day. 

BioWare responds to Mass Effect Andromeda criticism, says 'immediate plans' will be revealed soon… 

I'm bad at keep secrets regarding my future plans lol. Chicago Survival Guide is about to go to another level! That's it that's all.

Doesn't even realize the irony of calling nations "civilized" right before wanting their help in committing slaught… 

NOTE: Waking up to your wife crying in bed next to you is pretty much the worst thing in the world. Just saying.

The Telegraph - St Paul's Cathedral row as dean scraps 400-year old cakes and ale tradition because it is 'not in… 

1st Electric Zoo line up Then Game Of Thrones trailer 4 new season Then Destiny 2 trailer drops Today has been a rollercoaster of hype

MEDIA LAWS IN BRITAIN WORK PERFECT MEDIA MUST REPORT FAIRLY OR FACE PROSECUTION SHOULD BE REQUIRED IN USA NO MO… 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#FootballNews Ian Wright: This #Arsenal star will leave for #Chelsea in the summer 

Delta buys pizza for passengers after canceling 300 flights  #abcnews #abc #news

I'm sure around 90%+ ppl in this community/twitter act like roadmen online but IRL they're a totally different person lol xdd

Tanned Skinny Babe Fucking On A Desk 

Join Sunningdale Lodge for their Easter Craft Fayre on Saturday 8th April. All welcome, fun for all ages. #Yeovil… 

// All my friends are at Fan Expo this weekend and I'm sitting here getting fucked over by my team mates

This might not look like Italian flavored heaven, but I'm here to tell you that you shouldn't… 

11 people followed me and 11 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

owtkast milf fucked and sprayed with cum 

About fucking time!! Should've went play in late February 

Immediately Available Customer Service Role in Brighton - Brighton, East Sussex - Red Flag Recruitment 

I think my social skills are a little quirked from being around myself too much but I think that's perfectly ok

**** ON SCENE LIVE SHOT **** Dj Henry Birthday Bash!... Jwui lavi 4 Life celebs: 1325 Hempstead… 

Scooby-Doo - Paperback - Lot of 8 - Scholastic) Cartoon Network) Free Ship.)  

I FUCKING BROKE A HIGHLIGHTER FROM SEPHORA AHSHDJDJJD NOOO   

Scherzer throwing 8 straight balls is a sight you don't see very often. Mike Maddux out to chat with the righty, but he'll stay in the game.

Why do people insist on arguing with me over our monthly tanning packages     ‍. I didn't fucking make them up bro.   

Sleep paralysis is the fucking world thing in the world

#NowPlaying KGF - Chicken Fucker :: Tune In: 

#Music #Collectible #U2 - 11 O'Clock Tick Tock / Touch w PS - CBS 8687 Mfd in Ireland - 45 RPM - 7"… 

Last night I cried tossed and turned, woke up with dry eyes. My mind was racing,feet were pacing. Lord help me please tell #MyMusicMyArsenal

She called a neighbor and fucked him in the mouth 

(Angry (rapping) Grandpa - Marshmallows, Pinwheels, Candy and Souffle (Rap ...)       

A businesb has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise yo r creative instincts. Richard Branson

Dear Crayola, I refuse to retire! Signed, the Dandelion crayon - CNET  

prints this out. frames it. builds an altar to it. tells all my friends about it. gives it love and attention. 

Taran Killam just “got personal” about wife Cobie Smulders in a heartfelt Instagram post  

Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot'  #WorldNews #News 

You're fucking inbred if you think you hold any ounce of intelligence. 

In the slot thingy and fucking walked off and I GO and call out for them and give them their money, why why why why why why why

My bestfriend is literally the best person to talk to bc he gives it to me REAL. Even when I don't want to hear it.

From the archive: meshDETECT Awarded Notice Of Allowance From The United States Patent And Tra  #meshDETECT #prison

HENNYWAY...... isn't it just FUNNY how the smart/sardonic white best friend always gets more love than the kinda hearted poc main character

Creating a #woodland in a challenging area? Our Wild Wood Tree Pack contains great hardy species:… 

Do you know who are awesome? My 3 new followers in the last day! Growing with 

Brutal #Anal #Orgasm makes her pussy flow  #Sex #Porn 

CMV: Replacing word 'privilege' w/ 'disadvantage' and talking about hardships faced by those people would work better 

Hopefully in a few hours I'll have the hair I've always dreamed of. Thanks to me fucking it up earlier this year.

Bitch just said I'm miserable                                                        Bitch where?

most of yall comparing alex to a school shooter bc he was acting out vs yall calling him your cinnamon roll bc he shot himself

I respect drag queens so much, hunny you can do your make up 10284x better than I will ever be able to

While George played lead guitar on "Taxman," Paul played the guitar solo, as George apparently had trouble getting it right.

SkinCeuticals Product of the Week- PHYSICAL FUSION UV DEFENSE SPF 50 #skinceuticals #skincare #tampa #southtampa 

Objectivism A-Z and Beyond  #Objectivism #AynRand #capitalism #socialmaze 

 - you can download the full e-book “Attempt on the State. Inconvenient Vashkevich”. The who… 

<EMOJI>️ MASTERS OFFER <EMOJI>️ Back DJ, Speith or McIlroy at 50/1 for the Masters and get a free bet if they don't win.  … 

It's so amazing when you put all the pieces together. You're not #nuts, you were right all along. I hope you enjoyed the game you played.

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

im like this you speak to me I speak to youu , you mug me , i smile . if you hard enough you know what to do after that smile .  

Install surge protection for your home before the April showers hit Houston! #April #rain #home #electrical… 

You didn't explain the violence in the two versus from the Qur'an. There are hundreds of violent versus from the Qu… 

When Olivia Baker finds Hannah I started fucking sobbing ;-;

Hello people in #Paris, #London, #NYC and elsewhere! Watch Eloise (2017) here:  

Oregon's defense is impressive so far. If they quit shooting 35'ers they should dominate this game! #FinalFour

They can make out in jury after the DE KEEP STIRRING THE FUCKING SAUCE STICK TO THE PLAN

Top 5 Digital Branding Trends This Year:  #digitalbranding #socialmedia #contentmarketing

Trump-Xi summit: A view from China: President Xi Jinping heads to Washington to meet Donald…  #terrorism #security

Ex-Amish parents of 'gifted' #LowerSouthampton kids enter pleas. Carol Erickson has details in AM Newsbreak:… 

There's no way Neymar played 225 games for Santos... There's no way he even has over 100 goals for them 

he didnt use the fucking touch of #Death :D 

Dangerous Woman isn't a flop. It outsold confident and revival in 7 months. Just bc it isn't her most successful era doesn't mean it flopped

We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Store Seasonal Employee Outside Lawn and Garden Loader - 

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Management -  #parttime #Hospitality #Columbia, SC… 

Wind N / 0kts (10min. ave.), F0, 0kts (Gust), OAT 10.8C, UV Index 1.3, QNH 1028.68hPa, Rain 0.0in/hr, SR 06:33, SS 19:55

Now Hiring: Performance Manager | Alliance Residential Company: Washington DC |  #jobs

Chicago Woman Becomes 1st Patient To Be #Cured Of #Sickle #Cell Disease  

Man City star Ilkay Gudogan's modest motor struggles to compete with team-mates' flash supercars… 

Watching videos about what veterans go through with problems like PTSD, anxiety, and depression is so sad. There's no way to thank them enough

i SUPPORTED my abuser at one fucking point in my life because you hope they change, truth is, they never do.

spanking and fucking videos #face in a hole porn 

I hate cry baby ass bitches ugggh it makes me sick   

How does anyone still watch the idiots on the View?  

Attention everyone please.... Tell all the contacts on your list not to accept a video called the " Sonia... 

10' | Referee awards the free-kick to Leicester at the scrum and Burns sends the ball high, but superbly gathered by Rokoduguni

Resiliency Orchestration: The Answer to Disaster Recovery Challenges for a Hybrid Environment 

May d spirit of celebration prepare you to enter a new season of victory in God, may The Lord nourish and reform your roots for d future

Joe Schapker kills Wade Stenger after he fills up on skyline and takes a heroic stand against 3 of projectile disfunction's finest.

Need to find a city just like Norco before all the idiots grew up and move there, or the lost woods  

you know when ur younger cousins go from being little kids to being 15 and so cool that you make them be your best friend...ya

You can now order microsoft’s supercharged surface book in the uk and the surface studio in austr... 

Excuse me! Mr. Geek, even we know the real gross of IYAM, it is still smarter to keep it confidential. Ratings of D… 

Don't Miss Tonight! New set of Baby Bombers coming to the Bronx! Gonna be most exciting season in years don't... 

I fucking had this Game!!!! This bih entertained my sister and I for hours!   

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

Then It's like she was a crush and I didn't everything In my power to get you to be my girl why would I fucked that up over a random  ‍ ?

This is built on no end goal (lack of strategy). GOP had a clear strategy in blocking Garland. Dems have none in fi… 

On your #honeymoon and looking for something seriously romantic? Book Borgo Del Cabreo !  

Had plans with my girlfriend, but she's ditched them to play rainbow 6 siege with her other girlfriend. Looks like I'm the April fool :(

At last :-), I'm So happy they've finally invented this. I was beginning to pile on the weight drinking that full... 

dubs are just so fucking terrible in any game it's so inconsistent

I apologize to those I treated negatively, especially to those who treated me negatively. I should have introduced you to compassion.

Lol the movie played Ed Sheeran and people were like "elva it's your song" and I thought that was so cute that they thought of me

Trump Remembers the Ladies  Sad farewell to #womenshistorymonth. President mocking Susan B. Anthony

jesus won't you fucking whistle 

How does your dog or cat like to tell you it’s time for dinner? Tell us with #ScienceBe... #HillsPetCrowd #sponsored 

Ashley: why does Connor match your couch Connor: BECAUSE IM FUCKING COORDINATED YOU UNTALENTED HOOKER

Dan Moroney, Deno Andrews and Simone Boutet leading in Village Trustee race w/ 1 of 37 precincts reporting. #OakPark 

Shakespeare: We will not be man-marking Defoe – Football365: Date published: Monday 3rd April 2017 3:09 Leicester…… 

This Trippy Eyelid Art Is Perfect For Halloween, And Will Make You Do A Double Take 

Cyndi Lauper - All Through the Night   #Evergreens #Webradio… 

Nasty slut pawns her Cello and slammed at the pawnshop 

Sheriff’s Office on patrol at Irish Italian Islenos Parade  

Non Union Angie is booking a TV Show that is working in Hollywood tomorrow 4/6. No Tattoos I am looking for Men... 

A creative research project involving Irish traditional music, technology and making digital materials more accessi… 

Kansas’ Idea to Keep Businesses (and Small Towns) Alive When Owners Retire  #useconomy #RedTire

These promposals make me mad even at my age because my promosal was my exboyfriend saying "Can I wear a cane to prom"     Aggy ass    

European Court finds it can issue a remedy in the absence of a properly made claim  #ECHR

Nope, Princess Ivanka and King Bannon running US now; send Donnie away to go play golf and pretend to drive trucks. He… 

A group of people just got in a full blown fist fight and I heard the fist connect with the guys face

Historians are unsure when April Fools began-Possibly 16thcentury-New Year's Day moved from April 1 to Jan1 w/adoption of Gregorian calendar

Where Prince Charles Went Wrong- The New Yorker   

Bruh, this huge worm was casually stranded on the pavement. Dashed it into some dirt though. 

I've been having some real fucked up dreams lately

#trumprussia sean spicer is a blithering idiot who will repeat anything trump tells him.

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Harry has always been the same humble, down to earth, loving, respectful bean. His genuineness is what I admire most about him.

Georgia man on honeymoon disappear after 'jumping' overboard while on Carnival cruise in Bahamas 

The U.S. Strikes in Syria: The U.S. military struck a Syrian airfield near Homs, the… 

It is not harmless reporting a premeditated stabbing with three victims, as part of a civil rights narrative. Thats not ok.

when you don't want to go to class but can't fake sick good enough for Parsons to send your professors a note. 

When you pray, go to your inner room, close the door, and pray to your Father in secret. And your Father who sees... …

i wanna waste my life with you, oh yeah and the look in your eyes says you're feeling the same way too, oh yeah ♫ 

The Originals season 3: Stefan Salvatore arrives in New Orleans, what will happen next week on SerieClub?… 

LOVE!!KazakhstanWe hope to help, thank you. /bitcoin 1896UwURka9J4MCbSdwfMc1pynArfWYXUf /amazon.com Wish List 

Talk about being persistent! Talk about staying consistent! Talk about coming back from losing in the first half to winning   

This is the only golfer with a chance to earn more than Tiger Woods’s $110 million: Jordan Spieth, 23,…  MARKETWATCH

not sure how I found out about her but this is really cool I highly recommend 

Whaaaaaat is going on with the latest update from Samsung...or maybe it was Verizon? Either way, my S7 Edge turned into a monster overnight.

A sense of panic hangs right at the edge of your awareness. Yo... More for Aries 

PSA: the bid receipt has a TYPO. it says: april 16th at 8pm BUT IT IS THE 22ND!!!! doors will open at 7:30pm!!!!!

You're more interested in the act of creation today than you a... More for Gemini 

Well. I accomplished literally nothing on my to-do list today. It's a long list, too. I'm hella proud of myself. #naplife #turntdown

Oh wow.. I guess you have traffic lights personally telling you to go in black and white 

Temp: 13.0°C. Wind: 5.4 mph. Humidity: 56%. Rain Today 0.3mm. Forecast: Settled fine. More: 

The first of our 2 #dallasfortworth weddings this weekend! Happy wedding day Ashley and Philip!… 

Some more scenes from another great year at Vision Expo East. #lookforward #raiseyourglasses #visionexpo 

Nothing will deter you from fulfilling your ambitions once you... More for Sagittarius 

If you find from Facebook , you will lose through YouTube - Anonymous ,2017. 

Congress asks Trump administration how many Americans are currently under surveillance  

Pain pills are only a dimmer and not a switch to turn off the pain tonight. Bleckedy bleck bleck bleck.   

Story of the whole NCAA tournament, terrible refs and an insane amount of foul calls. #NationalChampionship

It's fucking happened. Beers on me #sufc #twitterblades

ugly amateur milf giving the worst blowjob ever 

Fille Busty obtenir son Tits Pussy Fucked Creampie sur le matelas 

FUUUUCK!!! I'm hungry but I can't eat coz i'm foing blood test in the morning so i went to sleep BUUUUUT GUESS WHAT yes i cant fucking SLEEP

Is it just me or is a team at Old Trafford parking the bus after scoring one goal, with no intention of attacking?

rtr: Aurizon warns Australian coal rail lines could be out for weeks after cyclone 

#amateurporno transando #almeria fucking #selfshot hairyporn 

I'm having a Bad Time and now I have a migraine in one specific part of my head so death can take me anytime now.

BREAKING: #WaPo back channel communication between Trump and Putin! This is it folks. #Trumprussia #impeach… 

im taking a break from fishboy and reading on the main story for I-chu and holy shit leon just punched a fucking bear

Came home from school and momma bear cleaned my room, bought me some drinks and flowers, and even left a cute littl… 

I think usps lost my fucking package and they hung up on me when i asked them about it     

I must say... Impressive set from Berdych ! Let's hope for an even better third set from both players !

Apple 15.4" MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (Late 2016, Space Gray) MLH42LL/A  #macbook #apple… 

Trump renews unproven wiretapping claims: Former President Obama's national security… 

I have been farming yggdrasil on and off for months now and only had 2 sword drops how is this even possible

MotoGP Argentina: Yamaha's Vinales beats Marquez in practice two  

I'm fucking dying laughing     

Creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p... More for Pisces 

Even Tho It's Fucked Up I'm Still Fucking With You   

Brittany Shae took a hardcore ass fucking on the boat ! #Anal #Porno Movie >>  << 

The destruction of Hillary Clinton: sexism, Sanders, and the millennial feminists | Susan Bordo 

This KILLS productivity. There is no way a junior PI can afford to be so choosy. It would be idiotic to refuse a good-enough trainee.

God bless this Boriqua Goddess that I have the pleasure to call mine  Lord knows how much I'm gonna miss you in t… 

How you rolling through a stop sign without looking my way? I watched your head not turn my way...like I watched you

Throwback to when I had a BP mutual who stanned echo. And things got HELLA ugly after Melon Awards lmao

Dude I just want these ugly ass scars to go away   

Shop Owner? #Local Retailer? Know of a Great Small Business Owner? Social N Supports Local! 

Barack Obama - Blithering Idiot - w/ CNN Video Remember this?    

Every bitch want a wedding ring but out here fucking everything

Data Collective and SynBioBeta founder John Cumbers launch a seed stage biotech funding 

fucked Japanse tiener tiener 

#nfographics are【IN】 Inclsquat lunge bend push pull twist walk (run/jump) in ur #training … 

X-Wing Miniatures VT-49 Decimator Custom with LED Lights and Fiber Optics  

You want to dig in your heels today and resist change, especia... More for Libra 

All the President's Men was released on this day 41 years ago (1976). #RobertRedford  

I'm so thankful to have this amazing guy in my life! Words can't describe my love for him! I love you… 

High gate hill yesterday, saying goodbye to #georgemichael . Great to read all those lovely messages from people al… 

Watch what you say to me when you're mad cuz I don't forget a damn thing

Really wish him luck, but also really wish he didn't suit up til next season. 

Lol are u crazy?!   U can't have a decimal in radians! It has to be a simplified fraction! Duh!  ‍  

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

it's nothing to be proud of that we're the first generation to mock and memes out of what's going on in syria

Gorsuch on Supreme Court will twist Constitution and jeopardize voting rights and rule in favor of Big Business and Wealthy #makeamericagreatagain

The only way to be happy is to give into sadness first. Because without sadness, there’s no happiness; you would never learn how to smile.

How is a girl with a fucked up neck supposed to get some sleep if I got Vincent under my arm and Julians arm on pillow. Give me space guys 

theyre piling bags up in cardboard boxes on the floor landing and now it smells so fuckin bad

Panoro Delineating Expanded Gold Oxide Mineralization at the Cotabambas Project, Peru  #forex

I just checked in at Village Center Auto Care with #mPLUSPlaces Download today! 

Definitely a drama queen. Pushed people away for no reason. Lw wish she would've loosed up a bit 

This Super cute white bunny face clock is ideal for a bedroom making it Perfect for children and adults alike.… 

Twitter updates is like your mom dating a new guy. At first you may not like, it but after a while you won't care, until the next one

       can't relate!!! I hate you for this  fucken hell im calling the cops 

I honestly hope and pray that people know I use emojis ironically and when I sit here and shit tweets out with the laughing emoji Im Not Fr

‡ ADDITIONS BY CHICOS MULTICOLORED STYLISH FINE CORDUROY ZIP COTTON JACK... Top Seller  

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Normally, you're more than happy to go along with a friend on ... More for Sagittarius 

More like Lil' Kim and her career is garbage and washed up (no soap involved) that's Y.U.MAD    bum bitch 

Rancho Cucamonga City Manager reassured the council that staff and public safety are developing campaign.

FFS! Spain haven't threatened to take Gibraltar nor have UK threatened to go to war #Perspective #RealityCheck 

im terrible but i thought she'd cancel so i've been waiting to buy my ticket/get excited til she tweeted abt it. IM GONNA MEET KARA THRACE

stupid Yankee bitch gets an eyefull of cum 

"Oh I know him. He's that pretty white boy." Never stop referring to me as the pretty one. Lmao my ego will never be satisfied.

Man arrested after RAF escorted flight was wanted over £175 fraud, court told  

Something different for today and while you are out on the road today. 

accubation: The practice of eating or drinking while lying down #UnusualWords 

Taking drugs ease the pain so wen I think about shit I don't go insane

Forget unfollowers, I believe in growing. 339 new followers in the last week! Stats via 

You're on a roll today and everything you encounter seems to a... More for Leo 

I'm just not the friend to agree with everything you do if I think your'e being a weird bitch I'll let you know period

Should've known we were fucked when he sent OUR troops in on a mission with no background info. He BEEN fucking up… 

McTurtle the fucking chinless wonder. 

These dual wins are the 999th and 1,000th career victories for Coach Ben Loeb!!! Congratulations Coach!! Amazing!!

Good morning I fell asleep at 10pm last night and woke up at 4 this morning cos of daylight savings and ive been up ever since now I'm tired

"Twitter Sues the Government to Block the Unmasking of an Account Critical of Trump" by MIKE ISAAC via NYT… 

How 'bout family leave and work-life balance instead: "Do Millennial Men Want Stay-at-Home Wives?" 

Pretty Little Liars is ending in a few weeks. What in A's name am I supposed to do with my life #EverythingSucksChrisHelp

When the group chAts so fucking lit?????? Shall I just text myself??? 

Two Boys Grabbed and Fucked by Three Lads 

Emily Ratajkowski Shows Off Physique In Super Tight Dress -   #TightDress

T fucking Y to the pile of garabage that drove into the parking spot i was in the process of reversing into

JOB AVAILABLE: Chief Executive Officer THE COMPANY: Rich River Golf Club Resort, Moama, NSW TO APPLY:… 

5th grade learning about Great Depression through Word Wall #bcecougars #katyic 

yesterday he was like "obviously I thought you were cute why do you think I was always so flirty with you" hehe <3

the spiritual 'warrior'on a macho trip-up eats the cake tho.fuelled by adrenaline alone,this species is constantly slaying imaginary dragons

OK, these father/son moments between Princes George and William are the CUTEST: 

I can get a lil nasty baby , have you ever fucked a savage baby  

When you find out that instead of just talking things through with you they blocked you   ‍ 

David Guetta, Cedric Gervais et Chris Willis - Would I Lie To You sur  | #AdofunWebradio

#girls with penises fucked up sex pics 

#toVIEW This is how London's rocking the Supreme x thenorthface drop.  HYPEBEAST

Successful Team Bonding weekend in the Dells defeating the 5th ranked team in state and tying… 

You are a force to be reckoned with wherever you go now, and ... More for Aries 

You may relate... — It took me so much longer than it should have to become a CEU provide...  

REALLY KEVIN , REALLY ... WAKING UP THE BABY ... I AM walking OUT #SCENE #Greenleaf   on #OwnTVRocks

Nothing is holding back your imagination now, freeing you to e... More for Aquarius 

He was even like damn bih, thats fucked up     

Ride in Paradise skate angel. Skate in peace ate lorraine   #justiceforlorraineramirez 

asmaa saying potatoes aren't vegetables and all veggies have to be green she still believes this bullshit proving s… 

IF THE WORLD END ANY TIME SOON I WANT YALL TO KNOW YALL SOME FUCKIN HOE ASS NIGGAS AND I FUCKED YA SISTERS THROAT HOLE

NOW HIRING: Lawncare General Labor: PARIS, TX Pay: $8.93This position requires manual labor in the abatement and... 

#EXPconsulting Facebook's M assistant launches in US, will offer chat suggestions  

Fucked In A Motel Par Certains BBC Cocu 

Trump’s tax proposals could make Apple bring $200 billion in cash back to the US  #Politics #Trump #USA

I'm literally an idiot and I can't even blame any substances fml fml fml

The Witcher series has now sold more than 25 million copies  

Gigi Hadid Shot Zayn Malik for Versus Versace’s Steamy Spring 2017 Camp  #lifestyle, #women 

Morning all. no pullbacks yet on some strogn USD/XX pairs, therefore no trades for me. Patience! Sit on profits <EMOJI>️  Happy friday !

I've been using Crowdfire to grow my network on Twitter, and I'm lovin' it. Anyone else tried it yet? 

#RealEstate #investing #REI SFR All-Stars: Xome Auction features intuitive search and bidding process 

SB Dallas North Tollway- Approaching Keller Springs Rd - Disabled Vehicle - right lane blocked - Traffic Tip Line call

i get far too involved when mike catches up on wrestling. why is kevin owens being so mean to chris jericho?

It's fucked up actually. That shit should've been given to someone else. You don't deserve the gems, my focus, my tips.

When you ask a question and the person can't answer it without fckn arguing or jumping to something irrelevant. Well, thanks anyway!

I've just unlocked Eager Beaver achievement in Paradise Island 2!  #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight

New on Ebay: FIFA 14 PS4 Video Game - Playstation 4  

#ANC to give briefing on Wednesday after meetings on Zuma cabinet reshuffle. 

Cleary has been there two days. Two fucking days. But yeah it him kicking players out   Give me a fucking spell.

The wind just blew half of my French fries on the ground... guess God was just like "girl you don't need those"

can't fuck with a lowkey hoe they the worst hoes  ‍

Like limits on political donations, an issue the independent commission should be handed IMO #bcpoli 

From the least qualified person to speak on appreciating doctors for something other than providing revenue to them… 

Coming together: An Interpreter and Academic join forces to help people communicate. 

Having one recycling bin to show that it's an option isn't enough when it's surrounded by 15 giant trash cans.

The fact that my man wants me to stay at home with the babies and not work is cool and everything but I miss being at a job!

If the Govt's rejection of the Dubs amendment didn't look callous before, the pictures coming out of #Syria in the last 48hrs bring it home

West Africa seeks to bring order to troubled, lawless waters  #Africa #SouthAfrica

Hug of Yarn! Generations keep warm with handmade crochet blankets that are lifelong keepsakes (or at least until... 

Top of the 4th Lady Eagle softball lead Timber Creek 5-0 2-run homerun from Alyssa Washington in the top of the 3rd

Caught His Eye - Wolf, 9in x 12in, watercolor on board, Rebecca Latham Hope you enjoy! ..share if you like.... 

America would kill more children. You did it in Iraq-still going on for God. This is not the way it should be. America had been killingTLONG

Did you see film of JR Olsen planting guns from YOU on him and Coleman then driving him to FBI ambush? 

OMG YEWONIE IM ABOUT TO MAKE KIMCHI JJIGAE ILL FLY THERE RIGHT AFTER I FINISH COOKING 

just 3 days till this event and from the lack of interest it seems it will be a mini group shoot with a couple... 

Cassandra Blizzard wrote a new post, Psychic Readings By Phone From Cassandra Blizzard:  

I don't think Zac is prepared for all the times I'm going to make moves on him. because it's gonna happen.

Reality Check: Will Customer Journey Analytics Be the Next CRM?  

2017 Global Fall Protection Equipments Industry Analysis and Forecasts in Research Report 2022 

Specials for the week of April 3-8 -- Green Tomato Soup (veggie,GF) AND Coconut Lentil (vegan, GF). Have a great week!

Agree with Vinod Khosla Medicine and Law will be the fastest to be "upgraded with" or better said replaced by ML. No…

ATI is at the Arizona Chapter Student Conclave. We look forward to meeting the future of the #DPT profession! #SPT #ATICareers

If I was LeLe I'd be trying to wish on the bitch downfall and hate on her like y'all hoes doing too.

PAKISTAN: 31/03/17: 10:26: At Least 22 People #Killed, Some 50 Injured in Marketplace #Bomb…… 

Somebody, Push me on a #dick, please ! Click,don't be shy-  

I could srsly care less abt how I look at school, oh I wear the same thing everyday? Ok AND y does it bother you¿¿???¿?

"we've been seeing each other for a while now, and i just wanted to know, would you be my girlfriend?" that's how i… 

yo the victini movie is on tv and they've got my boy scraggy fucking up a hydreigon

Leafs can clinch a playoff spot if they beat Pens in any fashion. I think that means they make playoffs even if they win wearing cardigans.

me: i have no empathy for parents of transgender kids who act like its ruining their life mom: BUT WHAT IF MY DAUGHTER SAID SHE WAS A BOY???

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

"Spotify’s New Licensing Deal Eases Path to Going Public" by BEN SISARIO via NYT  #BSAFunds

NEW! Penis pumps by Tom Brady. #aprilfoolsday Actually, hold on. I think Gwyneth Paltrow actually DOES sell these.....

Ok..... I'm officially done, taking an hour to have dinner and prepaid for a HUGE explosion then I'm turning the beast on!    

El Chapo complains to court of "draconian prison conditions" and "hearing…  #crime #mexico

i jus watched 200+ snapchat stories without skipping through any and realized yall boring as fuck

Ke$ha is in fucking memphis 

Don't get a dog if you can't handle it???? Don't get a puppy if you're going to get pissed when it doesn't act perfect??? They're not toys??

Mercedes Amg Gt Will Set Well Heeled Buyers Back … :  ,, 

BETFAIR-8/1 Liverpool to beat Everton + up to £100 in FREE bets,winnings are credited in free bets + TandC's apply… 

Look at how these people see me. Tobi. I'm a sociopath not a psychopath. Obviously     

Found a Transponder Snail! A tearful farewell: The Going Merry's last voyage.  #TreCru 

'Cough up!' EU chief will urge remaining states to cover UK's generous payouts to the bloc #brexit… 

Please feel free to use this picture I took last year for all your #Texans QB content needs. 

Just because you smoke weed it doesn't make you a fucking hippie this has been a PSA

Soros-funded university closer to shutting down after Hungary approves new rules | 

Ready for a beautiful day of Saturday Baseball. Go Orangecrest! #ocllproud 

#News Trump lacks team and clear plan for quick tax reform  

Medical News Today: When choosing a spouse, similar ancestry plays a role #health #All4TodayHealth 

ReTweet if you could use horse saddle bar stools - just like Kelly Clarkson!  

Called my Head commander 小姐 when I asked for the time. I'm fucked    

Hi the Time is 10:07, the Temp is 29.0 Celsius and the Pressure is 101926 MB 

Customer: I need a twin for < $80 Me: Cool, try these C: These are crappy M: Here are some nicer ones C: I don't wanna spend that much    

also what do i have to sacrifice in order to go into the voltron tags without seeing any nasty ass shaladin posts   

FUCKING ME HANGING BY A LIMB 

''Letting teenagers start late? Routine is something they have to learn – deal with it'' 

you ever stopped and asked yourself whats holding you back from having a good day, if it's really worth it. life's too short have a good day

Your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today, bringi... More for Virgo 

Nasty masseuse uses a tugging table to fill a cup with cum 

Hugh Jackman’s message for Virat Kohli and his boys: ‘Play bold like Logan’. Watch video  

they don't wanna believe that they have privilege for being lighter and the things that happen to dark people don't h… 

Mental health victim? I was under the (obviously mistaken) impression he was an ice addicted, stalking AVO breacher. 

these two a days are fucking killing me, I can't feel my legs,arms, i feel like I'm legit gonna die

I was wathcing the movie A Dog's Purpose last night, it was kinda boring and I didn't even reach half of it yet,

     JOIN US... SATURDAY, APRIL 8TH.... MISS DMV and NEXT2FLEX PRESENTS  HELL'S KITCHEN    ...… 

This Is What Happens To Your Body 10 Hours After Applying The Nail Polish!  

My brother goes "I got the munchies" and my mom goes "I didn't buy no motherfucking munchies". I'm fucking screaming ghjuvbg

#MLB Wire: Masters 2017: Charley Hoffman stuns with four straight birdies in tremendous…  

If UCONN somehow manages to win this game, they'd better erect a fucking statue of Gabby Williams in Storrs.

I'm not sure what's going on here but I do see some excited Zips!! #OfficialZip 

Successful women cocoa farmers = educated children with opportunities. Alright alright alright. 

In today's Trump Update:Trump warns China he is ready to act alone over North Korea nukes  

HELLO KITTY 5 PIECE MIXED LOT THERMOS CASE, SANRIO TOTE BAG, 2 HELLO KITTY CONTA  

IBHOF: Eric Braeden Named 2017 Parade Grand Marshal - Stars as “Victor Newman” on the #1 rated daytime drama se... 

You've gotta be fucking kidding me. 

Brazilian Contemporary Culture by   #jazz #art #drums #nyc… 

#samuraijack and #DragonBallSuper to be replaced by "#TheRoom" in a few minutes... You read it first... #AdultSwim

I may have rolled in somethin yukky and also wet. The doggie wet wipes are out and I smell bootiful.

This guy is really something special among some pretty exceptional propagandists out there. 

I apologize to all the people that i love coz i got not much time to spend with ya :') lots of love      

#sport It's Extreme! It's Sport! It's the Continental ExtremeContact Sport! - Car and… 

#DespicableTrump and his basket of idiots need 2 go! Syria's in crisis and this jerk is in bed w/Russia and can't stop it! 

So thankful for the thoughtful notes from my readers, but starting the revision process has me like... 

Get home police been round my house today, I've been seen trespassing into a farmers field taking a slash along Daws hill! Are they for real

Me talking to Mel: do you want coffee? Mel: no Also Mel: (five minutes later) man I really want coffee!

I was going out with my mother and aunties and then my mother cancelled on them like this morning and I was getting ready all the time and

How to make a 3D mountain map model: Steal a photo of an elephant from Google, Import it to MS 3D Builder and turn… 

[#eCommerce ] E-commerce firm Blue Acorn sold for undisclosed sum in one of Charleston's first tech deals this year… 

OMG! It's Monday! Since it is now March 27, 2017 at 10:15AM don't forget to follow dbl07consulting to see what #db… 

You are acutely aware of your commitments today, but you're no... More for Sagittarius 

Same thing with why gang members on IG live showing guns, talking bout nigga shit...then they get arrested and say somebody snitching

I wanna be offended. But I look at these two pics and I'm just like, "That is completely fine"   

I am an Indonesian photographer touring the US National Parks to raise awareness back home! Here is my third park:… 

God, I miss when people hated that Miz was mocking Daniel Bryan. Smarks are idiots sometimes. #WrestleMania

Is the Trump administration’s proposal to search foreigners’ gadgets too extreme?  

 This morning's sermon. Jesus gets into the messy of suffering and death. He gets in ours too.

#Actress #Celebs Some Hearts by Carrie Underwood (#CD, Nov-2005, Arista) #CarrieUnderwood 

lmao i sent the text skdkskskd i swear if she actually hooks me up with someone imma scream 

Scotland requests second referendum on independence:  - Al Jazeera English #Latest

Bernice King, Daughter of MLK, Subtweets Ire Over Kendall Jenner Pepsi Ad  #billboard

All I'm thinking about rn is how fucked up im gonna get when we go to VEGAS again in a couple of months  

Time to play my favorite game: is it the stomach flu, did I eat something wrong or is my crohns dz back with a vengeance

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive Profile: Those who follow their dreams!  #TreCru 

Have sore fingers from reloading your magazines? RAE SPeedloader  

Why I’m Sharing 13 Years of our Most Valuable Manufacturing Secrets  

When two retard are dating. 

Meghan McCain you put that sneering idiot Richard Fowler in his place on Outnumbered.Well done!

$PBYI: Puma Biotechnology (PBYI) Highlights Interim Results of Phase II …: 

Facebook introduces new photo-matching tech to fight revenge porn  #downloader #androidapps

can this ugly 10 yo untalented hoe follow me already

I've been listening to Haeden screaming for 30 minutes now I'm about to fucking shoot myself.

Using Live Code Comments to quickly measure code performance with Wallaby.js and Quokka.js  

You will feel completely comfortable with Eva from the moment you meet her! +7966 316 5335 #dubaiescorts 

Redbone chick sucking and fucking 

Pee Wee Herman got arrested for masturbating in public. The same day, Chuck Norris got an award for masturbating in public.

In P5, worst case scenario is you get a bad item and they leave. In mainline, they steal your items, money, SP, HP, and kick you in the dick

Me: It's time for Day 3! My triceps: WHYYYYY   "If nothing changes, nothing changes." Day 3 is done. 

How to deal with a defiant child Most parents have struggled with a defiant child, but what they might not rea 

Nasty Jacky Takes The Dick and Masttubates 

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

Leicester City 2-0 Sunderland Premier League Leicester made it six wins from six under boss Craig Shakespeare… 

Trade free follows 240x240 or less I don't go first liars get blocked and reported team up 30x30 tweet me   

Severe Thunderstorm Warning including Newton MS, Decatur MS, Conehatta MS until 7:00 AM CDT 

Sing out your thanks to the LORD; sing praises to our God with a harp. He covers the heavens with clouds,... 

Real person today: "What's your goal for this weekend, 34ft?" Well dang the board is 36ft from the sand I sure hope I can jump 34 of those

Denying earlier remarks, Erdoğan says never been deceived in political life - Turkish Minute  

If the Pittsburgh Steelers really want to beat New England, they need to make this happen. 

I don't want to hear about these fucking Easter-twats, waving their xeno-boners around with their made up paranoia and hysteria.

im so laid back and Understanding , i Don't know why i get lied to   ‍ i Honestly Truly don't be giving A Fuck 

Press Trashes Trump over WH Easter Traditionand#8230; Then Learn Obama Did It Too 

Love listening to music when everyone walking down the street is stepping in time to your tune #universeinsync

           yoooo Im fucking dying of laughter      ‍ 

even though its fucking expensive in the Philippines i would still go, its a freaking party all the time! 

The Profound Racism of 'Black Lives Matter' plus SJW feminazis is a dangerous group of Rioters on LSD 

To sum up a brill day: Future of protein requires collaborative efforts to make a serious impact and influence positive change #futureproteins

VOTE BJP TO POWER IN RK NAGAR AND SAVE THE STATE FROM THE LOOTERS ( ALL MYANMAR TAMIL HINDU FANS OF PM MODI )

Patient's notes gone missing-this is the example of someone who will be swiftly recorded in the Book of the Dead-ab… 

6 practical ways to teach your kids about money  #moneymanagement #money #finance #kids… 

2016 Was the U.S. Music Industry’s Best in 8 Years #robots  

Slutty femdom dirty bitches use strapons 

Although I'm thankful for life I've lead, I still wish I was bout that action. It'd be unreal to be prepared for when some mfs try you

#8: ULAKY Silicone Pour Spout Sprinkler Kitchen Utensils Pot Round Edge Deflector Liquid Nozzle…  #Wall #Decor

Wrestlemania is for fat nerds, drug addicts and retarded kids with no father and bingo playing mothers...

Rebounding and scoring inside were two areas of concern given UNC's size. Ducks winning both battles so far, +5 on boards, +2 in the paint.

The Conservative Case for The conservative case for Campaign-Finance Reform  April 05, 2017 at 07:45PM

They sent me a nice follow-up email so I feel obligated to say: NHCC is an excellent school and I highly value the time I spent there.

'What It Means When A Man Falls From The Sky' Is Defiantly, Electrically Original 

#Emojis, with their bright colours and vivid expressions, are even better at conveying #emotions. This makes mess… 

Top 10 Fictional Superheroes People Love, Best Fictional Characters, greatest comic-book  #moviemovie #news #story

The sad part is, this isn't even the whole story, nor the whole truth. But, close enough. 

My stupid ass iPhone has been in recovery mode for hours and won't update or restore.

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

Joel Berry is going to play one fully healthy-looking game in the NCAA Tournament and it's the national championship.

Press play on your #radio and let's #dance #np #music Alexandra Burke - Bad Boys (Moto Blanco Radio) 

#EmiliaClarke gives an incredible performance in Voice From The Stone. Don’t miss this haunting thriller in theater… 

girl fucked by elephant pics 

We think we are mature in Christ, but we are just getting started. And in the end, we will still be His little children.

Clean/Working Beats by Dr Dre Solo3 Wireless Headband Headphones in White  

Patiently waiting for one of my male friends to confess their love for me because Lord knows I'm not getting to know anyone from scratch cba

AIDS, Autoimmune diseases, cancer, etc.... these ailments are created by us... They stem from imbalances within our own energy systems

my computer restarted itself and now my edit is fucking gone 

I unlocked a special message from the #PrisonBreak cast by tweeting #PrisonBreakPremiere. 

JUST KIDDING THE SOBBING DIDNT BEGIN UNTIL HANNAH ASKED HIM WHY HE DIDNT SAY I LOVE U WHEN SHE WAS ALIVE 

“Never go travel alone! People are scary!” Are you in or are you out?  #ttot #traveltuesday #travelblog #solotravel

Some guy in line at the store just a few minutes ago told my son "you love your mother don't you" "you can have... 

You keep coming back to the scene of the crime But the dead can't speak and there's nothing left to say anyway

What according to you should be at the top of priorities for policymakers to fix Indian public health scenario?

Robert Reich: Trump’s technique for dealing with bad news involves a fog machine  

In the #PostModern era - there is mostly a #MethodtotheMadness #TheQuestionRemains - will the madness be #MeanstoYourEnds or end your means?

Men on here want to hit women so fucking badly (and JUSTIFY it) and I just don't understand 

rather not fuck w/ a lot of ya, all yall do is talk shit about each other and then party w/ the same ppl you just finished shitting on.

#3Novices : 'Just SHUT UP!' Angry Leave voter accuses Nick Clegg of 'TREASON' in furious Brexit rant  AN ANGRY Lea…

Do you practice Meatless Mondays? Maybe you go meatless 24/7? We have plenty of vegetarian options for you!… 

New #ArcGIS for Local #Government #app -Participatory Budgeting public comment tool  

there's an actual problem when i am be medium dark in the winter and dark/dark plus in the winter 

Guess they're having a rough day. Something about a new cook. My burger was hopelessly burnt. Wife's hotdog bun was… 

story of boss fucking secretary 

I thought that I'd been hurt before but no one's ever left me quite this sore your words cut deeper than a knife"

Frank checking emails. Donate to make positive change n Shine On Darlins #jnj #donateaphoto  

If #Twitter is such a bulwark of #freespeech, why does it censor #WN at every turn?  Let everybody have their say...!

5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Sign up for a Free “Limitless You” Discovery Session  #motherhoodjourney #sahm #wahm

A terrorist attack on US soil would be very good for Trump. He knows this and is acting accordingly. 

This Sunday's Lenten Banner 4-2-17: "Outrageous Love" May the gifts we lay at his feet also reflect our own outrage… 

goodnight i love josh tyler eli nati ella ghada amber mckinley lory emmy vannesa calyssa caroline and all my mutual… 

"God gave you shoes to fit you, so put them on and wear them. Be yourself, be proud of who you are."

Bad Bunny Ft Arcangel, Bryant Myers, Almighty, Noriel, Brytiago Y Baby Rasta and Gringo – Me Mata (Video Oficial) 

About fucking time I know how tall he is so I can make that cardboard cutout 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Unfortunately for you, your opinion of me and this matter means literally nothing to me... shut your mouth   

Transgender being not your preference is just fine but your followers need a little, enlightening. Don't help enabl… 

Yes And Youre Not Going To At All Because Youre An Evil BASTARD

I am pretty certain Barry Manilow came out years ago. Then again I also insist Sinbad was in that Shazam movie.

_BasedBrendan_ Glad to hear that! We'll be here if you run into any other Xbox support questions - tweet us any time. ^QZ

West Ham team news: Injuries, suspensions and line-up vs Hull City  #trenchardhub 

#Sony #XperiaXZs launched at a price of Rs. 49990 with 960 fps super slow recording. see more at… 

I love the amazing feeling of hitting a break through with a really difficult client without asking for help.

indian sex scandal mms video of college babe fucked by her professor 

Should I ask potential investors to sign an NDA before pitching my idea?  #Investor #NDA

Why is Rosie O’Donnell mad at #Trump? Maybe because he called her a fat pig? 

Nico Hulkenberg: I’m Not going to bother with unnecessary thoughts before the race  #F1

WATCH: The New Day comment on the backstage reaction to The Undertaker’s farewell at #WrestleMania 33… 

rape culture is learned from childhood and it's unlearned slowly and painfully. rape culture is fear and inertia and a powerlessness.

Thailand revises its constitution, says democracy may return.  

 Temp: 3.1°C Wind:0.0mph Pressure: 1027.3mb Falling slowly Rain Today 0.0mm Hum 76% Fc: Fine, becoming less settled

Fuck yeah it's Friday!!!   Let's hang out togetherrr   See you soon! 

This show has an uneasy relationship w/ femininity and toughness. Real tired of toughness being associated with balls and dicks  #shotsfired

Can't fuck with these niggas they too fake all they do is hate

when you don't the way you stand you're close to breaking, just put your hand on my heart, put your hand on my hear… 

LN Lego Harry Potter Hogwarts 3862 Castle Board Game Retired HTF #3862 NICE!  #lego #build #blocks

"Trump Shifts Course on Egypt, Praising Its Authoritarian Leader" by PETER BAKER and DECLAN WALSH via NYT The New … 

I get paranoid every time I get a twitter notification because I don't like when people tweet at me. Don't want to debate..

Hero from Niger lauded by United Nations, Melania Trump visits San Diego  #temecula

Warehouse Operatives- Recycling Worcester - -: Warehouse Operatives- Recycling Worcester Worcester…  #recycling

WWE fucking showing up with FFXIV stormblood I'm screaming

I'm cool with it, I don't mind. but if that person tries to make a conversation about me and asking bout my life, u as a friend should end (c)

Please RT #interiordesign #decoration #architecture #home Colored Sofas  

Imagine how much money will be spent by all the "new ministers" as they "prepare" for office. #KathradaMemorial 

Fucking come on, Shadab Khan what a talent. Four wickets for him.

It was such an awesome birthday last night on #cam4 thank you to everyone who was so very kind and made me an extre… 

On moms this nigga fucked up bringing my family into this

MICHAEL MILLER quilt-craft fabric Front Yard GRASS SHAPER blackberry 30" length  

me: "mom omg we need to go to the gym, look how fat I am" mom *rolling her eyes*: "OMG ANYSSA YES WE DO YOU'RE FAT AS HELL"

#iargang - I Am Yet To Find An Artiste That Can Blend With my Sound – May D  

Jesse was one of the students at our Vegan Permaculture Design Course at Wild Earth Farm and Sanctuary last year... 

One of the greatest freedoms is truly not caring what everyone else thinks of you. KISSES TheRisingStar

Snap-on vintage tools 3/8 drive 9mm metric socket 6 point FSM91  

Nominations Open 'Helping It Happen' Rural Awards. Why not nominate an Angus estate? 

"Cop Visits Lonely Old Man, But Takes One Look At His Hair And Rushes To Call Nursing Home 

I'm mentally unstable at best right now. Saying goodbye to people I love triggers the fuck out of me.

Found a Transponder Snail! Davyback Fight!! Straw Hats vs. Foxy Pirates!  #TreCru 

Jeremy stays with Reed gets anal fucked bareback 

Yesterday we saw pics of dead children. Do you think that tomorrow we'll see the photos of the babies we're killing now?

#Microsoft’s #AzureStack preview adds support for Azure Functions and App Service  

Sometimes I can't understand why I make these stupid decisions but all I know is I have a excuse for them   

You can bury your feelings as effectively as the next person, ... More for Scorpio 

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

I know a few people who should really watch 13 reasons why because the things you've done and said it hurts people and you need to know it

You hope to retreat to your office and work in relative silenc... More for Aquarius 

HAHAHAHAHA, BLM WANTS MODERN DAY SEGREGATION. WHAT A JOKE! LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IS THIS 1960? LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 

Could you all do me a massive solid and full this in for me. Thank you in advance. X 

A wild Houndour appeared! It will be 244 meters from Newtownsmith Park until 6:39 PM. #Sandycove… 

Allan Clark, mentor, colleague, and eventually the guy who I hired to replace me when I left Cotton Ginny, has... 

New in Pacohio vintage Bibb NFL football bath towel USA Teams Terry Cloth  

"Women’s empowerment–feminism–is not about centering the male gaze. It is about centering a woman’s agency."

I'm really not caught up with these new abbreviations you know, until like a month ago I thought "dkm" meant "dank meme"

Her friends knows I fucked her but I deny it and they respect me for that and let me hit too. It a like collateral effect..

I guess con season just started and like every year, I'm not going to any. When is that gonna change??  

MEEEEEE. I don't like it, but it helps me stay in shape. Or get back in shape.   

North Carolina set to pass "compromise" bathroom bill that still leaves trans people without a pot to piss in… 

Happy birthday to my numba one friend!!! Thank you for making me smile. I love you and I hope you have the best day… 

But y'all. I started a new job in a different building and come to find out this woman had done this bs before. They had written her up then

Scottish parliament suspends independence debate after London attack | Reuters 

I came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock. That cat's going to be fucking traumatized now.

acmc_clock_asia: #Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Saigon, VN for now (21h58m01s UT): 24°48'51.4'' #Pisces (AC) / 25°59'25.4'' #Sagittarius (MC)

Wait...Shia Lebouf literally only sold 3 tickets to his new movie in UK?? How is that even possible?

#SyriaStrikes Makes no sense Assad ordered gas attack to incur wrath of the world. No investigation before US action smells of false flag.

5 Growth Hacking Case Studies From Amazing Startups  #SocialMedia #SEO #GrowthHacking… 

World;s Biggest Solar + Battery Farm Coming to Australia  #Solar 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Sen. Dibble offers the A-73 amendment to SF 1060 (Metro area transit sales tax imposition). #mnleg 

>Man Is Accused Of Raping and Killing His Girlfriendís 4-Year-Old Son and His Mum Is Accused Of Helping Him Escape 

You are acutely aware of your commitments today, but you're no... More for Sagittarius 

Origination Station Video of the Week: Having a positive attitude for #networking and #businessdevelopment… 

Ppl need to see that our beliefs are worth fighting for, or they will CONTINUE to accept GOP framing and worldview. We can't be passive!

So hard to forgive them shithouse tactics from 60 minutes in, fucking awful substitutions!!

=Watch the horrific moment hundreds of Indians attacked Nigerian students in New Delhi shopping mall (VIDEO) 

I can relate to this today, but tommorow all that will change. New me. Starting from tommorow. 

I know. I haven't been this drunk in a longtime cod I only just dropped my phone on my face JESUS Christ p

Champions '17: The #Phillies’ Bill Giles is a historic mix of marketing genius, on-field success and league influence… 

When I desire to be right with God, He makes my heart righteous, and then--my prayers also become righteous. ~Malachi (James 5:16)

i want josh dun and tyler joseph cuddling and singing to me until i fall asleep everything is fucking messed up i need a damn REST

#Sports SPORTKINGS SERIES B MARK MESSIER NEW YORK RANGERS SINGLE MEMORABILIA CARD  #AFB 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

 New York Giants 2016 NFL Draft Re-Grade By Mel Kiper #SportsTap 

What it's like having ADHD Doing the dishes, and every other chore at the same time. (Good thing I'm vacuuming... 

#porn streaming vids watch girls getting fucked 

Universal Studios' Jimmy Fallon ride opens with parade, dancing characters, nod to 'Tonight Show' past… 

REPORT: Obama Blocked FBI from Revealing Russian Interference Months Before Election 

Great blog post and short video about the recent #GDSroadshow in Leeds and Newcastle 

Mexico newspaper announces closure, citing risk of violence  

I thought the line"Are we human or are we denser?"from Human by The Killers was "Or are we dancers?" until now.Learn something new every day

Fucking dude said where you from I was like "VA" tell me why this mf said "what's that"   

The 2 Best Assets To Own While Waiting For A Recession  

Only about the fifth time I've seen that headline this week so it's starting to feel less impressive.

Tequila Works annuncia The Invisible Hours: Il Cluedo in VR  

Great! I've played Paradise Island 2 for 126 days in a row! #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight 

What Analysts Report Shows About United States Steel Corporation (NYSE:X)? - Transcript Daily 

Can this bus fucking move? I have to get to my SATS :-)

A fucking squirrel got into our apartment a while ago. I had no idea squirrel's could growl until I had to chase it outta here with a broom.

Wind 19,4 km/h NW. Barometer 1014,5 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 15,5 °C. Rain today 0,0mm. Humidity 60%

Pediatric nurses launch association The paediatric nurses association was officially registered in 2014 as a... 

THROWBACK THURSDAY ACTRESS JULIETTE LEWIS AND KING PLAYER BISHOP DON JUAN LOVE AT FIRST HUG 333! 

Osinbajo facilitated by Prime Minister of France as They Consent to Develop Ties  

LOL select all: ur thing to do pisces woman in 2016 FULL AUDIO Song - Parasmani need a lil baat pakki ;) my venmo thr body

Let's change "black man" to his name, Timothy Caughman, and "army veteran" to racist/white supremacist 

106 tweeps followed me in the past day. Feels great! Do you also want to feel awesome? Check out 

i hate this fucking family 

if the Grand Prix of Paris is such a prestigious and important tournament then why not actually rank the guy who won it, Jimmy Kennedy

You might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie... More for Cancer 

Participate now and get a chance to win Samsung galaxy S8 from  :) 

weather people: "It'll be 70 tomorrow" Tomorrow: "Oh, we meant tomorrow!" The next day: "Jk, we meant TOMORROW!" The next, next day, etc

Ready for a #getaway? Utah is gorgeous in April and very affordable. We highly recommend it!  

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Budapest, H for now (16h28m02s UT): 06°51'22.7'' #Libra (AC) / 08°30'57.6'' #Cancer (MC)

Rising Star:I voted LIVE on Rising Star. Be a part of this digital revolution. #RisingStarDilSe… 

Lee Donghyuck is such a blessing in my life and I'm so grateful to have a big ball of sunshine like him to cheer me up all the time   

My cousin was here cooking breakfast this morning with me and he smoking so I took one lil pull and was high,... 

We can do 3 things in Syria: nothing; take out their Air Force; take out Assad with the assistance of the Arab world.

Anybody that does not obey the teachings of the Bible and Jesus Christ is a child of the devil a worker of iniquity 

Want free tickets?! "LIKE" our page to get notified of tour dates, contests and ticket giveaways! 

It will be great until we get a dem prez that can do the same thing and load the court his way 

Photos: No. 3 Mountain Vista boys lacrosse stays hot with win over Chaparral  #copreps 

We have a #competition running over at Delve to celebrate the new #kickstarter Check it out below #boardgames… 

Being a prick is trying to get your daughter to move in with you to arrange marry her off to spite her mother!

25 Million Euros for a Whistleblowe?. 25 lives at stake. Help the families get #ProofOfLife #OpFOQ 

if you don't fucking stop with all those pictures I... —   

But I don't want that eventually there split up lmaoo remember sis Billie Kay was on the tv far longer than Peyton 

men when kendrick says "show me something natural like ass with the stretch mark" VS when men actually see stretch… 

This fucking horrible mixture of lord of the flies and borstal and hell of lost bad boys, and the fear and panic when they turn into donkeys

I went from failing almost all my classes my 1st semester because of how depressed I got to being on the Dean's List  

Psst, how are you going to find clients if you're hiding yourself away? Being visible can be one of the scariest... 

A human being should beware how he laughs, for then he shows all his faults. 【PR】sexy videos 

Do u love the person u love right now for who they are, or what they do to/ for u? Which do u think is the better way of loving?

Did you ever wonder what's the worst breakup text ever typed? Check out these to see the top 15! 

shape of you by ed sheeran is a fucking BOP i can't even lie

Punk Chick It One Nasty Anal Fuelled Slut 

It's leg warmers, shoulder pads and ra ra skirts on this morning for the 80s theme at the return of the… 

The dumb muslim women who sleep with a stranger to save their marriage  Islam is cancer. What a retarded cult!

- spoken to them before, it's one thing to not like the music but it's another to them go and hate on the band, little do you know how much-

Back by overwhelmingly popular demand: THE FLAWLESS FOUR! You buy three of these items and get… 

Bruh everytime I get in the tanning bed I have to piss so bad!   

They use chemicals against people who were already in a bad state can you imagine that. Allah destroy these kuffars the worst of ways

The Supreme Court case ruling today is ridiculous, i've got some outstanding memories from my childhood from holidays that ere taking during

This product does SO much AND MORE! It has stopped my migraines and ringing in my ear, restless sleeping,... 

Sad I won't see the battle of the Carolinas but y'all boys had a great season 

nothing annoys me more than people who are too engrossed in their phone to even acknowledge anyone else

Nervy at times. Not at our best. But who cares? Scenes on the Bell End, after the final whistle, when the Ebbsfleet… 

i'm either sick or have violent fucking allergies.

I feel like he's just as retarded as me. I wonder if he would ever marry me

i still have one of those imacs gathering dust in a closet, was gonna make a tv head cosplay thing with it but neve… 

Today is the last day CoffeeHouse Five is donating to us. Don’t forget to stop by! #coffee #Indy #greenwood #orphans 

Finally got an office chair to sit in while I write. No longer busting my hump on a wooden folding chair. 

Don't sleep with me? Then don't speak with me. And never talk bad bout niggas that eat with me

#hypocrisy Aren't Senate Dems threatening filibuster the same people who said Trump didn't win b/c he didn't get half the votes? #gorsuch

JandY Fitness Exercise Magnetic Massage Weighted Hula Hoop available today for €19.99  

Every day, make an effort to talk to at least three members of the opposite sex. You'll be shocked at how much more proficient you'll become

**MIDWEEK BARGAIN** still available for you today are our Plaxton Prontos, Selection our in stock starting from £10… 

"Why are their 8 yr olds out here rn we're getting fucked up" - Daniel #spain

Booby tranny Carol Penelope ass fucked 

I love both Winter (because my birthday is in January and I love snow) and Summer 

We needed the big tools to get the splinters out of my foot! #notnormal #splinter #foot #tools… 

Every time I hear one of those electric toothbrushes, I can't help but think "Wow. They must really hate us feedste… 

There's niggas they hate me and don't even know me.

Home Baked Stories - MealKu: Chicken Casserole w/ Three Chinese Mushrooms and Szechwan Cucumber Salad - 

Not all apprenticeships pay minimum wage. Check these out: the UK's highest paid apprenticeships of 2017 

My mother is so fucking dumb bitch put the base in your phone you're pissing me off

Lauren had a great time working with her Product Specialist, Bob Havey! Lauren, we are so excited for you. Congrats… 

Tout juste sorti de prison Black Man Fucks Chienne Nasty Freak 

Cloudflare Ray ID: 34b6e41633642aeb • Your IP: 185.78.132.74 • Performance and security by Cloudflare

My game glitched and the screen before the song started showed me that 2016 Valentine's Day Sousei had Lv.0 with me this is FINE

What a morning!! Amazing views from Glide HQ today! We hope everyone enjoys their Monday! #MotivationMonday 

I've been using Crowdfire to grow my network on Twitter, and I'm lovin' it. Anyone else tried it yet? 

Wow! I just entered for a chance to win "Single Serve Brewing K Cup Coffeemaker" by Aicok.  #giveaway

So sick to my stomach my god my #anxiety just needs to get as tired as I am and take a fucking break

When you got mad banana skills 

My stuff after they had beat me down and split my nose half open and threw me in a local jails in San Felipe for 10 days without food and just a

Ordered from Fashion Nova last night at like 10 and I just got an email saying it shipped and will be here tomorrow   

Gonna take another week of recording for tt43, wanna make this joint hella fire with these crazy Q niggas

that's a record it's been almost a month since I brought myself some shoes and it's making me upset !

#Road...  A90 Portlethen - A956 Charlestown - Closure The A90 is closed in both directions between Portlethen and C…

Now Playing on Vibe.#New Edition - How Do You Like Your Love Served .#worldwide.#Global.LISTEN: 

BIG DOG MAFIA A0 CANVAS STREET ART GRAFFITI BANKSY CIGAR Pop Art Oil Painting  

#Playstation [EU] EVE: Valkyrie’s new Groundrush update hurtles onto PS VR with new map, enhanced co-op and mor... 

'Grammar vigilante' sneaks around at night fixing bad apostrophes because not all heroes wear…… 

On the South Coast of St Elizabeth you can enjoy attractions such as Lovers Leap. In the 18th… 

The whole big deal about Lance's lay up just shoes you how soft nba players are who cares this much about shit like that.

Conflicting reports of new chemical attack in Syria: 'Chlorine-filled barrel bombs on Hama' 

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

A very close friends when I was younger tried to kill her self right in front of me after her mom basically called her dumb and worthless.

All my friends are having babies and I'm over here, having to give my fish away cause I'm a fucking awful pet owner

People Asked This Guy To Photoshop Them The Results Are Extremely Hilarious! 

I am making the biggest pot of chicken and dumplings and I'm almost ashamed at how excited I am to eat but not really cause dumplings

I'm fucking cracking up       

Flight Deal Honolulu (HNL) - Male (MLE) USD 793 Round Trip with China Eastern  

Big gift for this #MaheshBabuFansDay From #mb23 team Spyder title registered officially for #mb23 Spyder fix ayindi pilla fans now    

You have to lick my balls Mharti! What?! My chapped, bloody testicles Mharti! I-I don't- I-I'm confused...

I Wonder Why the Wonderfalls (Theme from "Wonderfalls") by Andy Partridge #nowplaying Listen live: 

Bro people still making fake pages of me and shit , these bitches envy me that much Ik i make these bitches sick asf , job well done hoe .

First of all fuck mcdonalds second of all if this was a surprise to u get out 

Y'all so annoying .. Can A bitch watch Tv in Peace  

Train to become a facilitator in Mindfulness-Based Chronic Pain Management. Course starts soon   … 

Trump is a syphilis brain addled idiot Jackson dueled for his wife's honor Trump has no respect for his wife or any woman but his daughter

Israel approves first new West Bank settlement in decades  Israel going against international law. #EndTheOccupation

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Perth, AUS for now (16h58m01s UT): 29°43'25.0'' #Capricorn (AC) / 20°10'04.6'' #Libra (MC)

┏┓ ┃┃╱╲ in this ┃╱╱╲╲ house ╱╱╭╮╲╲ we ▔▏┗┛▕▔ ╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲ Love those yakuza boys ╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲ ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕▔

“If you have mentally placed a glass ceiling on your disc golf score, rest assured your attitude, focus, and actions will follow the instru…

Why do I even have this fucking draw of dreams I actually hate myself     

Under the sexual offences act there's an offence about sexual penetration of a corpse ???????? Who did that  ‍

Can two dicks fit in one condom? #BastianHart #kodyknightXXX   Tri… 

Red Eye Flights 004: 1/6/17 Forget about the jet lag, get fly late. A sip and shop evening… 

Why haven't you and **** fucked yet — He doesn't like me! 

At the current rate of support within Labour supporters. Corbyn will have to campaign for the next 40 years and sti… 

However, coverage and ascent arrives, unconditional severe-thunderstorm and effective SRH maximized near and this activity...

I understand E05 is setting the stage for the final, but banal orgy isn't enough to create tension. Saved only by Tom Hardy's appearance.

I will be uploading vids tomorrow lol missus came up earlier than expected so theres still editing to do lol

Maybe the one piloting the Black lion is Shiro and that sequences is from the middle-final part of the season 8)

You haven't seen me drunk if I haven't said "I'm so fucked up" or "it's lit"  

More #sneekpeek piccies from Happy Together #swedishfashion #ethicalfashion #comingsoon… 

#UNGA President applaudes #Ethiopia's economic growth and strong commitment to sustaining peace and development… 

I really need a pet so that i can distract myself from missing him so much hahahaha. And yes I'm serious.

God, how I want to feel the #cock inside yourself ! meet me here  

Tatooed girl Bella Bellz oil fucking 

Why? Just why? What the fuck is wrong with these people? #SyriaGasAttack #syrianchildren 

even the crap parts you'll believe a solution instead of going to hell for sinning with faith n hope belief confession God will Forgive You

From the onset I didn't trust them I still don't trust them and I don't believe that we as a country should be... 

#Feminism2017 says that prostitution is an empowering choice so men are just helping feminism by fucking them.

New Listings: Homes for Sale in and around Gig Harbor  

Have the markets factored in a #Zuma recall? Is that why they haven't reached as much as expected? #ZumaMustFall forex/JHxyZbSGzb Have the m

  “It’s interesting, my costume, because one of the main routes into this character is the way he... 

No surprise that shiftless idiots breed shiftless idiots, I guess. 

#NowPlaying on B K W Radio California Vacation by The Game feat. Snoop Dogg and Xzibit Hip-Hop 

Jurgen Klopp has urged his players to forget they have to play like #LFC as he grapples with the injury crisis thre… 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Fucking HELLLLLLLLLL       

5 Key financial tips for adolescents and young professionals article from Motilal Oswal Financial Services  

Stay informed with what is happening in the racing world here in Pennsylvania by reading our winter newsletter. 

Awee Mommy barbie. Thank you so much also for all the support and efforts <3 Including Mama Xang, nanay miriam, mom… 

Work is boring but life is life can't waste just by sitting on your ass on the couch #truestory

OAKLAND RAIDERS 2007 UD PREMIER HOBBY FOOTBALL 1BOX BREAK LIVE #132  

Your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you... More for Gemini 

The awe-striking sight of an architectural wonder such as this one, never fails to make one stop… 

Shoot like the coach gave you green light from anywhere even if yo shot look like Shaqs keep shooting away   

Y'all hate me either way so what the fuck does it matter

It was so difficult to fall asleep 'cuz of my cold but then i have to dream of samara and zombies    i fucking hate myself

can they just fucking understand that it fucking scares me? ya allah

Literally every time then I accidentally keep chugging too, shits crazy   ‍ 

Shinsuke Nakamura Makes His WWE Main Roster Debut On SmackDown Live After Mania  

#mars still have good performances with #EURAUD , profit : 1812 pips, 332 trades.,MaxDD :-694, Visit… 

Ain Fucking The Puxxy So Yuh Know Somebody Else Is

Do you know the dirty truth about the air you breathe in your home? Visit  to learn more

that it's strongest and greatest growth was in the cities of the Empire. the word pagan refers to the unconverted folks in the countryside.

⠀ Pour le Printemps: Drawing inspiration from a trip to the famed Hotel Il Pellicano — the high-society Tuscan get…… 

The TTD SIG team would like to invite members of TESOL Arabia to join the TTD SIG team for the positions of the... 

New Huma Emails Uncover Clinton State Dept Plan To Bring NYT Reporter David Brooks To Heel | Zero Hedge 

alhossan20: I keep a lot of shit to myself because in reality nobody really gives a fuck. 

I would've BEEN blocked his crazy ass 

when you give yourself a moment to analyze how fucked you are 

Found a Transponder Snail! Ace and Luffy form an unbreakable wall in battle!  

University Girlfriend Hailey Fucking 

They knew Ghost in the Shell was going to be a weak movie- that's why it came out now instead of summer

In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present. -Sir Francis Bacon KISSES AngSunshineNamin

Aangenaam Geschoren Exgirlfriend Fucked 

Russia says U.S. strikes in Syria an 'illegitimate' attempt to distract from Iraq  

a big thank you to everyone who stopped by our booth at #CGX2017 this weekend! we had a blast and we hope you did too 

today's the day spongebob brutally got his ass WOOPED

The worst hoe is a hoe who can't admit she was a hoe.!

like not every one is blessed w a bf who's faithful n won't leave your crazy aivalea ass  

Was a fan of Zayn in NXT... Now he's just boring as piss

#porno school girl girl fucked by elephant pics 

As Pip saw these Rex thought of the consequences before he jumped into bed with Matt does not want to go to the police?

ive had my tablet since 7th grade and it still works magnificently. ive only had to send it in for repairs once.

Here's the link to my #readingfc webchat - get your questions in now and we'll be kicking things off at 1pm 

Testing and filming with the venture Islay 14 and Pyranha Fusion SOT's.... they are very good, a different league to other SOT's

#Photography #Plane flying over buildings by Zong Qin  

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

You mad girl? Go ahead and follow me, you can stalk all you want. I'd look better in that uniform than you and your nasty friend do.  

Feel like a star on the red carpet with this glamorous pair of #AristaJewellery #earrings.… 

I have 52 new followers from Argentina, and more last week. See  

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > I love u i hate u.  

Iowa tacks on another run in the 8th, but Richard Fordon is dealing. Listen live: 

5 Top Tips For Driving a Ton of Free Traffic with Twitter  #Twittertips #smm #marketingtips 

i dropped my cheesecake on the floor. how fucking tragic.

#NowPlaying On Afro Beats - Naija1: KIDOGO ft P'square By Diamond Platnumz #ListenLive ~ 

Popular Stand PU Leather Card Wallet Holder Case Cove For Apple iPhone 4 4S 4G  

Trump lawyer confirms Pro Publica scoop that Sean Spicer mocked for coming from a ‘left-wing blog’ 

This beat is fucking sickening. 

How has God been part of your life story through the years? Are you tempted to boil everything down to cause and... 

fucking hate it when im napping n people calls me, mampos siang sia aku terkejut psl org call

200-300AD Original Authenitc Ancient Roman Empire Ring Jewelry Artifact i59562  

Leadership is not just what happens when you're there, it's what happens when you're not. - Ken Blanchard #quote

Little Girl's Dress Pattern 2001 McCall's #3260 Size CE (3,4,5) New, Never Cut  

I'd like to thank the American grappling federation for the poster love especially in my home… 

Why did Jesus specifically choose to go to the desert? Why not go to the woods for 40 days and nights? 

#latestnews A recap of Infosys row: Narayana Murthy#39;s fresh salvo revives spat over compensation… 

 <EMOJI>️2014: Victims found in mass graves in #Ukraine lack internal organs #PedoGate  

Ethics fee finds Alabama Gov. Bentley probably broke legal guidelines  

why is it only taking yall till now to recognize depression? 13 reasons why is fucking scripted. The depression out here is real you phonies

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

#TheWalkingDeadUK yaaaaaaaasssss ALLL FUCKING SEASON

Acting Assistant Manager, TSS (temporary full time assignment): Shepherds of Good Hope (Ottawa) "?…  #ontario #jobs

If You Owe the IRS Money, You Might Get a Call from a Private Debt Collector 

I wonder why they stopped making new episodes of the cartooon show 'Chop Socky Chooks'. I loved that show. #KabiTweets

Global Dental Patient Simulator Market Research Report 2017  

In light of the social media stuff how DOES one def... — it's whatever the hell you want it to be 

Keep his name out your fucking mouth 

Your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day, and you may... More for Sagittarius 

it's just really fucked up how someone can treat you after all ya been through together ...  ‍

I have noticed a high number of people getting iPhones , been tellin' y'all that apple is the standard <EMOJI>️  

#Nostalgic gifts for loved ones in their 80s - #reminding them of their younger days - at Thenadays 

Doggo next door has discovered puppy. Amusingly insistent eye betweek fence planks now following her everywhere. Xd

I hate fake ass bitches if you don't like me just fucking tell me pussy    don't let me be confused and play mind games w me

my Chanel perfume shouldn't make me think of u , but the olfactory associations w/ the amygdala and hippocampus really fucked me up there

TV Titan Mike Darnell Opens Up About Storied Career, 'American Idol' Rumors, and 'Love Connection' Reboot - Extra… 

[WEEI: This Just In...] Pomeranz has encouraging day, could start Sun.  #RedSox

If it didn't work out, then it didn't work out, stop bein a mad hoe and move on

Jaguar 1990-1992 XJR15. Im my opinion, one of the best car designs of all time. Love them! #Jaguar #xjr15 #supercar… 

Then we're just supposed to believe these 3 friends involved in politics since 1979 knew nothing about each other.… 

Grateful for the expertise and insight of Laurie McCann and Sandasha Bough...Key behind the scenes contributors to th… 

In honor of the #PanamaPapers anniversary, we’ve rounded up our top 10 favorite stories. Check it out: 

i can't stand these "grown" ass females   ‍  ‍ how you " grown " but childish as hell ?!     ‍  ‍

BPD 911 Dispatch: AUTO ACC/INJURY | 2000 N EDGEWOOD ST | Fri, Mar 31st 2017, 2:42 pm | High | P170901452

Afternoon all - Adam on shift for updates of #themasters and Ladies Day at Aintree - Featured race is coming up at 4.05pm.

Idk how much longer I can go without eating meat, cause I've been dying for a damn burger with bacon on it

You asked and we answered! Our first round of #DearKinetix answers has gone #live! Read our answers here:… 

S i g h . "18, I'm asking you how much it would cost for unlimited fucks whenever I want to?" 

Scott Slimroll Hard Roll Paper Towel Dispenser, Touchless, Pull Towel (10442)  

so I have two pretty important tests the next couple days. but what do i do at 11 the night before??? YO GIRL MADE BROWNIES

After a lifetime of enslavement, exploitation and abuse, slave ponies not useful are sent to slaughterhouse. #OpHorse 

The more chaos and confusion the better. Now Liberal media outlets writing about how #SusanRice story isn't true to save face.

[BBC News] Unexploded wartime bomb threatens 163rd Boat Race  

Renewables won’t drive up cost of electricity from fossil fuel plants  #climatechange

8 Proven Headline Formulas that Convert Like Crazy...  

Herr fucking contact name is smh          

This picture always cracks me up! #Kitty #shecute   (she looks very excited) 

Dirty smelly ass hole and pussy,, 

acmc_clock_euro: #Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Budapest, H for now (12h58m01s UT): 27°19'09.0'' #Leo (AC) / 18°05'44.0'' #Taurus (MC)

#SmallBiz: Studio West 300 Salon of #Visalia updated details: Online Presence, Communication. - 

Vsauce is fucking me up with his mind boggling science

/ every detail, he says, private detective nilles will investigate. we won't be sleeping together anytime soon, he says. /

Yankees option P Chad Green to Double-A Trenton; 1.50 ERA over five spring outings (ESPN) 

over 3000+ retards retweeted this nonsense 

The Who - Tommy and Quadrophenia Live with Friends (DVD, 2005, 3-Disc Set)  

Nikon D3100 14.2 MP Digital SLR Camera with 18-55 VR II Lens Kit Full HD Video  

The poppies really like this one corner of my unkempt (au natural) "yard" for some reason. They are the definition… 

Would you rather have white hair or no hair? — White hair.... perfect for cosplaying as my DND ELF CHARACTER YOOOO 

(Sports Net):#Reds claim #Tyler Goeddel off waivers from Phillies : The Reds claimed..  

If you see me, talk, nod, smile or something. Don't ask me for no snapchat bullshit. It's not Pokemon go. I'm not mewtwo.

This is the offical page for weather in powell county kentucky this page will only actavate when severe weather is imminent

I got a reward: Nature Lover in BigBusiness Deluxe for Android  #Gameinsight #Android #Androidgames

#RockAndRollIn4Words Dean Mother Fucking Winchester ;) <3 <3 <3 <3 <3

Busty girl Chloe Reese Carter gets fucked in the ass 

9 Things That Changed On Twitter Since We Started Out  

Russia: Rubber Ducks and Green Paint Russia seeks superpower status in the Mid-E and Europe fear of upheaval at home 

Educational Technology and Mobile Learning: 4 Good YouTube Extensions for Teachers 

the end had me fucking dying  

"#Woman ACP wearing burqa conducts raid on gambling den in #Ahmedabad" arrests 28, recovers 28lakhs #ManjitaVanzara 

FIFA Soccer 10 (Sony PlayStation 3) Case and manual only - Region 2 version  

Victoria's Secret Angel, Candice Swanpoel Shows Off Her Boobs While Breastfeeding Her Son 

How Sam Allardyce gave Crystal Palace hope of surviving the Premier League's toughest run-in 

This Woman Was Beautiful And Had A Great Life, But Depression Doesn't Discriminate 

13 reasons why gives me 13 reasons why it got me fucked up

Curly Redhead Fucked In The Ass 

Cyprus president: Restart stalled peace talks immediately:  - Yahoo News - Latest News and Headlines #Latest

Donald Trump's Official Photographer Reportedly Obliges This Vain Requ - Vanity Fair 

Auwh thank youuu   with you in my life, everyday - not just my birthday - is a special day.  

The difference between these two scenes perfectly sums up the difference between the two of them. 

I can never message my dad back because knowing hes miles apart from me hurts. But its the only way i can talk to him )':

FUCK ME UP!! TAHT  IS  MY  GIRL   

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

I let Lisa drive my Tahoe and she completely fucked up my seat 

I just want the fetti fuck u broke ass bitches and niggas!!!!

I know net and trident are gay, but the romans thought it was entertaining, so maybe more games need to include it in their arsenals

My son hate wen people trying to feel him  he be kicking everyone's hands like bitch moveeee

What's almost as frightening as the whole #spying on incoming administration thing is the ease... 

Wanted: fun new friend to frolic around Vienna with my friend Tanner and I. WE NEED AUSTRIAN FRIENDSSS       

Schools been going for 2 hours and already 6 people have a problem with me. Every day I do something wrong and IDK what it is.

yall: in depth analysis of me:a me: dude. voeld rhymes w cold and its fuckin cold there............

Make-up sex be making a bitch feel guilty... Nigga wasn't I just mad at you   

I’m making this week scrumptious shrimp bonanza week. Who’s with me? We will kick this week off… 

so i email them, go wash my face and i have a random feeling i should check to see if theres any packages outside the front door

#Cryptopocalypse : on the 1st of April, 2016, As told by a Convicted Hacker. 

Orange and blue do not go together. #CBJ need to keep those guys outta the crease today when Bob is off a bit.

I get anxiety so bad when I'm home alone and have to shower   every terrible scenario runs through my head and I freak the fuck out

There was so much hate from my roomies then...i make up, they complain..i dont cook or i go out, they gossip...was hard mehn

Busty portuguese slut fucked in butthole and fazialized after 

FUCKING HATE THAT YOU HAVE TO BE 21+ to get into these clubs     wish I could see Rio and La Fe  

His teams just win the league and he is tweeting Rangers official twitter account      

Found a Transponder Snail! Ace and Luffy form an unbreakable wall in battle!  

I have a rising follower graph! 1 more follower in the past day. Get your stats right here 

Found a Transponder Snail! Ace and Luffy form an unbreakable wall in battle!  

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Store Counter Sales - #hiring #career 

ONGORO ditches ODM and reveals the filthy rot in RAILA ODINGA’s party! It is a hell hole 

To me, it seems like these recruits don't want to play for Underwood. Maybe he's an asshole type coach. But what do… 

Sitting here listening to #PaintingPictures realizing that anybody can be a fucking rapper smh

Ryan sees this, thinks: "Great idea! No more Mexicans, and old people will die off a lot faster! Social Security, M… 

Break Forth by Jed Dorsey. From the Blossoming show opening in the Gallery Annex on #idadafirstfriday… 

WATCH as this roof is blown off a fire station in Carroll County. #StormWatchOn2 Send us your damage pics if you ha… 

I hate wen a niGGa wanna iG pop 6ut wen u ask for a address they still be iGpopinG like damn u wasteinG my time if u not tryinG hit or shoot

Reyna Schmauch paced North Callaway girls by taking second in 3,200 (12:44.61) and third in 1,600 (5:46.49). #callawaytrack

I fucking hate TBag! The douche should have been dead in season one #PrisonBreak

Already knew, everyone did even b4 it was thunk bout...but still stoked !! #WynonnaEarp 

I really appreciate the fact that I get to live in a city with a lot of other kinky people. It's not something to take for granted.

When your old coach still keeps in touch with you and says "still one of the prettiest swings I've ever seen"     <EMOJI>️

I repeat... What the bloody hell is happening!    

Rush Hour Printing matches any price of printing from the DC area. Rush Hour Printing offers a 10% discount on top of the matched price.

See our latest #Pottstown, PA #job and click to apply: Seasonal Store Associate -  #Retail #Hiring

The dead were wherever you looked': inside Syrian town after chemical attack 

SSE 2021 wins vs Shadow Creek Shooting Stars Gray 40-35! Starting PG and leading scorer goes down, other guys stepped up! Great win       

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

I'm assuming this an interchange between a wife and husband. Marriage is about two becoming one. Two hearts in union 

Happy Birthday to my dad, Victor Bajema, to my beautiful mother-in-law Sue DeVos, my niece, Alexa Krueger and to... 

tell jou I love you I love you I love you I love you I have not left the precipice of a heart attack since

i dont wanna fucking call out tomorrow please im begging you i need the money

Proverbs 10:15 The rich man's wealth is his strong city: the destruction of the poor is their poverty.

Pastor Dowell: My friend Ex Marine Ken O'Keefe Exposes The Financial System! Centralized Banking Exposed! 

HEY! TEXAS, I LIKE YOU AND ALL, BUT YALL MAJORLY FUCKED UP TODAY! 

Hey guys! So... My new profile is going to be themed about 13 Reasons Why, but not all tweets are going to be about that.

＠null #Moon is now (13h28m01s UT) rising at 04°55'32.8'' #Virgo conjunct #ascendant at Tirana, AL 

yea so there was a tsunami warning in huntington just now and i fucking thought i was about to die but i guess they were testing the siren

I can't believe I almost forgot to put my parking permit on my mirror, that would of been a disaster if I didn't know people

We all love ourselves more than we love other people, but care more about their opinions than our own. Marcus Aurelius Why is that?

SHAOLIN!!!!! SHAO!!!!! MY FUCKING SON !!!!! HES SINGING WHAT THZ EUXKCKFD OG YT GOGIS

Impressive Japanese Flows At The End Of The Fiscal Year  $UUP $DXJ $EWJ $FXY $YCS $UDN $DBJP $JYN $USDU $JPNL $EZJ

Meet the Obama Holdovers Who Survived Trump’s Clean Sweep  

Yes!! Download done and halfway on reading the article. Thank you! MAYWARD RulesInKCCGensan 

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

FUCK OFF VINCENT KOMPANY!!!! Terrible !!!!!! Soooo many fouls. Awful referee

Literally saying I am a big fan of you.. I see you on Restaurant but that day I didn't Re… — Which restaurant n Wen 

Ugly Euro Slut Analized and Swallows Cum 

My roommate is trying to convince me to work at her job instead of my current one but idk I'd rather clean black mold than literal shit

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

#meg tilly nude pics polisz girls fucking gallery video 

Stupid #Neocons pissed that #Trump won’t take the bait and fight with #Russia 

+and why do you care so much about this. Don't get me wrong but I don't think being loyal to your fandom is more important than your mental+

#MUSIC: Gimme Dah Whine by Irvin Fame #GimmeDahWhineByIrvinFame Download Here  

Despite Increasing Evidence They Hurt Children, Trump Touts School Vouchers -  End DT's profiteering cons!. #GPUSA

You're not necessarily the most vocal one in your group, but y... More for Virgo 

I cannot believe I'm in the second trimester of my pregnancy   and in 2 weeks we find out the sex! What are yalls predictions?!?   ‍

WAKE UP and WIN MOTIVATIONAL CALL This morning - 9AM EST DIAL: 701-801-1211 ACCESS CODE: 674-347-093

You're looking forward to taking a break from the serious side... More for Aquarius 

The mockumentary, #carnage , on #bbciplayer is serious, sad and funny. You should watch it, its very good

also, if the *ankers and their FAT CATS and tame pols get this wrong, as they've been doing, there will be another… 

Mining industry lauds PM Narendra Modi for turning red tape into red carpet  via NMApp 

Snubbull IV:80.0%(15/11/10) Move Set: Tackle/Dazzling Gleam Available until 01:03:20 (48m 42s). 

Absurd, you are one of those who continuously triggers people in their fucking malicious behavior.

 Trump says US is ready to act alone on North Korea #breaking #hope #politics #truth

Couple bitches had me fucked up had to learn how to be a savage     ‍

Striving to earn your keep makes you feel good about yourself ... More for Aries 

In the semi-finals, Pakistan will face Afghanistan in the Emerging Teams Asia Cup on 1st April. Other s-final is B'desh v S Lanka #Cricket

Got a brand new twitter and am using my first tweet to promote this fantastic, brand new podcast from my pal… 

Reverse Shoulder Arthroplasty Market to Register a Phenomenal Growth Worldwide Prediction By 2021 

Since it's April I think I can show you all my March #litjoycrate!! I am so excited to get back… 

Mod Dark's Kinlist -Darkiplier -Shadow the Hedgehog (Sonic X) -Thomas Jefferson (Hamilton) (DONT CALL ME FACTKIN!!!!! IT IS FICTIONKIN!!!!!)

I do have problems in my life thou, its frustrating when I am hiding secrets because I am not a cheater! I am not worith it.

Foos be trippin if they think they are gonna tell me what to do!! FUCK EM ALL!!!!

  blogofcj: Don’t pet my fucking dog 

G I R L Y T I M E . Lovely evening catching up and eating out with my lovely friend xcloxfenningx… 

And we need to talk about Justin's mom and his dirty ass boyfriend thing. I would've had to hit him upside the head… 

It's a great day to stop by The Met office and ask about our summer leasing! #downtown #phoenix #apartmenthomes 

like im 18 i feel weird having a celeb icon and tweeting about how much i love calum all day long but i feel comfortable doing it??

Dirty ass mirror but it's coming together    

There is a serene feeling of being up early in the morning, even if I can't sleep. Is it the morning light coming up, the birds chirping?

Sometimes i get to the point where i just don't care anymore. Like literally i don't fucking care. Bcoz I don't feel the need to do so.

racism  isnt real  ‍ anymore, you stupid niggers   

2 Southern ice hockey teams. are in talks with shirt makers for these new style shirts for Ranson and Rehak 

A lifetime serving the country and yet you still joined his team. Now that he's going down, you go with him. 

// THE LIGHT OF MY LIFE. THE STARS IN MY SKY. THE FLOWERS ON THE GROUND. YOU ARE SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO SO S… 

Yet another CNN anchor tries to make fetch happen. Hint: #itsnotgonnahappen #trumpsyria #Syria 

Everyone talking about a double dribble. It's Curry. They ain't callin him for that petty shit. LOL. #SuperStarTreatment

#8: Duck Brand 394468 All-Purpose Duct Tape, 1.88 Inches by 45 Yards, Silver, Single Roll: Duck…  #Tapes #Adhesives

FG seeks arrest warrant against Adoke over Malabu oil scam  

Tories target unborn babies as devastating tax credit cuts come into force  

I'm fucking trigger with Attack on Titan Season 2 #wtf #triggered #AttackOnTitan

Technical Support Rep - Mobile, AL, , USA #jobs #Mobile pls RT: DescriptionCustomer Service Representative As a… 

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

ULTIMATE NIGHTMARE #5 of 5 Marvel 2004/05 9.0 VF/NM Uncertified Warren Ellis  

yup they're super jealous of each other because of ... — but why?   i mean i don't know what happened betwee... 

...I'm so exhausted and I need to sleep Or climb the great Divide Or wake up beside myself just to know I'm alive...

Hey Bag Five Vermont we appreciate our followers! Saga Gear Manufacturer and Exporter of All kind of Motorbike Garme… 

I had a dream that I gave birth to a daughter named her lily and then I couldn't find her in the hospital I went crazy looking for her-

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

This mother's face after delivering an 11-pound baby says it all  #Photography #Parenting… 

4 Bedroom 4Bath 10.75 Acre Horse Ranch Bullard,Texas 75757 - Bullard, TX equestrian estate for sale (updated!) 

i would take them to eat places, watch movies with them, take walks on campus, show them around, kiss them

how does one get into witch craft idk how it works — message me im totally down to help !!! 

Want to know what im doing in my everyday life? Add me on snapchat: Daytonahale 

Spitting on someone is one of the most disrespectful shit anyone can ever do to you. If not, #1 on the list!

Get your FREE guide of natural solutions for women in menopause who have symptoms. #menopausesolutions #menopause… 

UNC has it... unless we see a crazy ass buzzer beater that happens almost every year.

Happy 2nd birthday Matthew...this wasnt the Thomas going on the cake the customer had a much larger model..this... 

Venezuela's Maduro: Starving Elephant, Symbol of Food Crisis, Is Simply of 'Advanced Age' - Breitbart 

You might have plans for a peaceful day of rest and relaxation... More for Cancer 

*THIS*. I'm pissed, becuz it is a thing with Dems not to turn out... esp in mid terms. We gotta get WOKE or else g… 

Construction group North Midland set to build on record turnover  

#RemoveUnfairPOCSOlaw as LOOPHOLES in POCSO/Rape laws become a NIGHTMARE for every Indian family ! 

I'm playing the gorgeous card battle and mini-garden game "Valkyrie Crusade"! Let's go on an adventure in this world toget

Hello everyone are you ready for attack on titan season2 it's going to come out in 2 hours and I'm so ready!

Idiot people alone go on dates at restaurant     Real bad people go a country  ,run   up and down   the hills,... 

So now we know why DeVose was offered and accepted the Secretary of Education. Her Brother is a spy for Putin. and a go between Trump and Putin

The way some people are still bitching about felecity on #Arrow even though she doesn't act the same is like they saw themselves in her

explanation: today during our meeting we started talking abt old schoolprojects so Maria showed us her presentation on masturbation

he ainn say "we just want" he said "i just want" das yall fault for expectin niggaz to follow in his footsteps 

Army of Russian trolls reportedly targeted swing states with anti-Clinton fake news 

What is different about Madrid this season? We find a way to win / not lose no matter how bad we've are

A Draft Dogging ordering others to go to WAR! FUCKIN sick 

Everyone has been telling me that I shouldn't get my septum pierced because my lifestyle won't agree with the healing process...thanks guys 

Namjoon better get a bigger paycheck by the end of their US tour because he carried their interviews really well. A… 

You aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your... More for Virgo 

Thanks, Yoni! More to come. Hoping to draw even non-Sox fans and people who didn't experience "long hot summer"/"summer of love" firsthand

It's gone people.. gotta let it go. 32,400 hours of internet streaming is storage + bandwidth ($$), doesn't tend to… 

Rejection doesn't mean you aren't good enough. It means the other person failed to notice what you have to offer.

these niggas at MA be trying to show off they polo boxers off so bad   we see they in yo ass bro 

harry ate 7 fucking bananas before a concert and threw up afterwards,, s e v e n,, someone help this boy

Impeachment? There's no Impeachment happening. Stupid fucking Late Night Shows. You guys are morons.

my youngest sibling is a fucking infant...im so sick of my parents bruh.

we can feature these in our film brand sponsoring is a massive marketing tool let us know we seek 25,000 from each… 

Maybe I don't, but no doubt you're about to tell me. Let me guess: "Murder, rape, general social breakdown and skim… 

"THATS WHY YOUR MAN IS FUCKING WHATEVER HER NAME IS"        

Congratulations to the winner of our Trezor contest. Login to  to find out if it was you!

WOW. My Online Success Group Blasted Through 600 member and is growing fast.. Come on over… 

Niggas Don't Be Savages ; They Just Be Broke Niggas With Anger Problems     

They try to rape me but when people can't notice But they abuse me while they notice Why they don't rape me?

Walked in the house like....... Happy Friday educators!! Rest up and enjoy your weekend. 

Just submitted to be reviewed by ModernSky AandR team! Don't submit, we're trying to get signed!... 

#Seriously Why don't you just fuck off then!   #Ignorance of Irony is horrifying #hypocrisy Do not vote for this… 

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I'm not worried about #AntibioticResistance from bacteria in #ocean water when I #Surf. The beach drive worries me. 

I had a reeeaally deep thoufht in my dream involving lemons but woke up and totally can't remember but it felt like the answer to life ugh

who the fuck keeps trying to putting yasmin and kirstin against each other, 1) who cares that much , 2) why cant i have two fucking friends

IR Blog: March was a month of big investor events for #Metso. Read Blog:  $MEO1V

Rand Paul Optimistic on Healthcare Deal After Playing Golf With Trump A deal on the Republican healthcare plan... 

7 Things Entrepreneurs Need to Know About the State of Venture Capital #Tech 

Faith Evans Ft Mary J. Blige - Love Don't Live Here Anymore  #nowplaying #listenlive

Michaelia Cash.. The HAIRSPRAY SCREAM AND ARNIE CORMANN All in BED WITH ONE NATION HUGS ALL AROUND .. #AUSPOL #4Corners

Y'all some slack ass sick fucks   

IM SO FUCKING NERVOUS TICKET SELLING FOR WINGS IS TOMORROW I HOPE I GET THE TICKETS I WANT

Desi college girl Rita fucked by boyfriend MMS 

#Parents! We're inviting final responses to our Understanding Risks survey on keeping children safe online: 

After returning to the coffee chain he once headed, Shultz's redemptive vision has become watered-down and more ... 

Aaaaaand I found a small haven today        I could actually hear the Angels  sing… 

I just checked in at Bratskeller Dinnerhorn with #mPLUSPlaces Download today! 

Every Friday I get paid and every Saturday I wake up with about 8 quid give myself the fucking boke

pretty neat that as a generation we can collectively make companies pull offensive ads or send planes full of aid to struggling countries

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

   -don't do that to me I love you I'm going make it up to you I promise but you already know love is love over here and always will b   

#hairy tarts fucking arabfreesex 

You're feeling a sense of professional pride today, stemming f... More for Scorpio 

Passengers travelling on the T1 Northern Line and the T1 Western Line are advised to allow additiona  #sydneytrains

Wtf fire trucks are like right down the street. Nobody is trying to turn off this alarm in the apartment but I hear neighbors getting angry.

#WVIAPublicMedia Education Department Casts Doubts On Public Service Loan Forgiveness. Read Blog: 

da person you fw today could wake up and not want to fw you tomorrow but a $100 bill still gone be a $100 bill that's why ion trip off nothing

"A library providing Vue applications with "asynchronous-first" state management" -  #dev

Niall should get in the fucking studio release a damn song 

2006 Dodge Caravan SXT One owner 2006 dodge caravan sxt 3.3l  

Or is it a metaphorical for today society who don't want babies and family? The bos baby himself talk about "business and jobs over family"

#disco girls porn site fucking tube video 

Can't fucking wait to see y'all tonight   

Anyone Who Is Selling Men's Chockers Lol I Mean Those Tuma Neck Belts :p :p . . . . . Inbox Me ASAP #Xakitili

girl sucking and getting fucked 

Victoria Beckham Returns As Posh Spice For Carpool Karaoke — Get A Sneak Peek!  

Giant robot arm mounted on a truck can build a brick house in 48 hours  

Spicer's go-to response to tough questions is to call them odd, weird, about wrong things, filled w/false premises, motivated by agendas etc

Whaddya know? Turns out right-wing loonies were right about the existence of grand-scale conspiracy, right, Mike Flynn? #ImpeachTrump

Newsweek Oct 18 1971 Nixon At The Controls (How Do I Get Off?) ID:12782  

Manchester United winger Jesse Lingard set for new £100,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford  

There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it.

We'll be at Oracle #HCMWorld, in Boston, soon. Meet us at Kiosk 02 to experience our demos on HCM transformation. 

I'm making a Seinfeld point-and-click adventure game in my spare time for fun. :  #gifs 

William C Dudley: Household borrowing, student debt trends and homeownership 

Hardware GATE ELBOW with Bolts Nuts 13/8" 328623B Factory Sealed Ell  

#GoodMorning To All And To All I Wish You A Great Day , A Great Weekend   #TGIF #TheWeekend… 

r u fucking kidding me.... 

No guys twitter is exhausting today. I'm not doing this. I'm off 2 code my bloge and make it prettier. all this #ZumaMustFall #zumamustgo

Descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today, even i... More for Gemini 

listen to my fucking talkloid 

I'm still creeping across Twitter even though I've got inactive for a bit and if I see ANYBODY backlashing these boys I WILL do something

my phone is sooo fucked :-( the home button isn't working, neither is the lock button :)) it needs charged every 3hrs :)))

When is this civil war going to end?<EMOJI>️ “At least 58 dead in 'toxic gas' attack in Syria” 

"why is it that when I give people what they need..tHEY JSUT FUCKING DISRESPECT ME" 

The Tide - Kung Fu | Action and Adventure |737322586| #Action... #ActionandAdventure  #ActionampAdventure

C/O New Blog Post Troy Ave Announces 'Dope Boy Troy Vol. 2: NuPac' Street Album 

my friend fucking my girlfriend 

This is absolutely fucking devastating. 

I was just sleeping for all those times. I wasn't hungry or thirsty, all I wanted to do was to sleep. I could barely talk cos of sleep

David Axelrod to Buzzfeed: Did you publish Trump dossier to 'get clicks'? #TCOT #WakeUpAmerica 

I'm watching #13reasonswhy thinking similar situations apply to almost any age group. Shitty kids turn into shit adults. #adultsbullytoo

I wanna continue to support radeon graphics, but for now I'll be getting a GTX 1060. I'm still gonna cop that ryzen 1800X when I can.

Plunging price of renewable energy makes end of fossil fuels inevitable, says report - 

TT_yul and his fellow Brazilians are looking sharp! We hope these guys can make a name for themselves in… 

Walking into gma's house and she was blasting Luther Vandross from Pandora on her iPad to her Bluetooth speakers in the kitchen.

"Those with talent who aren't aware of themselves cause pain for those who have none." - Fuyumi Irisu

JIM ROSS ONE MAN SHOW TODAY IN ORLANDO: CORNETTE AND PRICHARD TO APPE Elite:  Free: 

I highkey feel bad for San Diego. All they got is a shitty baseball team and a soccer team that doesn't exist yet has their spotlight  

What's tragic is that I didn't even say hello, I immediately ran away oh wow I probably will regret about this but whatever

Biggest 3 points of the season....backs against the fucking wall and responding like men with a mission                

Omg you have listened to Hearts Align over 1 000 000 times       We are so grateful, it feels like a dream come... 

FFXV Multiplayer beta revealed, Ardyn story expansion teased  

she's still with that baby face   and yea i think our height was the same as in primary school  … 

All the lads do at work is play FIFA the boring cunts

Not only is this terrible and all over the place...I hate his fucking makeup so much it's so ugly 

gut is telling me to buy now. algosez is telling us wait a little more. algosez has been more right than us humans… 

She was one woman that was not literate but laid the solid foundation for every intellectual escapade we ventured... 

Everett of JC takes it ahead of Seville from Holmwood. True blue!!    #TVJChamps #Champs2017 

"Drivin' your friends crazy With your life's insanity" - Guns N' Fuckin' Roses #ClassicRock #AFD

Our #humancitiesco partners are essential for our succes. Together, we are building liveable cities. Find out more… 

Huge Movement Launched to Strip Congress of Their Healthcare, Over 800,000 Join - 

Thanks for the interest. Will let you know as soon as I put the recipe on my blog. Been just making it for my kids! 

Haven't even went to class yet and everybody is pissing me the fuck off !!!!!!

Study finds racial disparities in top medical society membership  

I've left a lot out, but it's mainly for personal reasons. All I can say is that this band has helped me so much and I love them to pieces.

The one thing that bothers me about the whole thing is that I need to get used to refer to Gen as "he" instead of "she" now.

Enjoyed TRACE exhibition on police technologies at Victoria Police Museum. Like the wall of suggestions.… 

I FUCKING HATE EVERY STUPID ASS FUCKING SHIT FUCKING KILL ME I WANT DEA TH

Always when I get up I fall back to know that you left but again I get up and I say You've always been in my  te I… 

GET FUCKING GORTAT OFF THE FUCKING TEAM... GOD DAMMIT

Happy birthday roommate! Sorry for the late wishes.Since semalam dah tahu and i thought nak wish tadi by talk but i… 

Book - Between #Slavery and Capitalism: The Legacy of Emancipation in the American South  HT… 

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

Mark dice gets up on stage, and yells into the microphone "fuck niggers" crowd starts booing him, mark dice responds with "take a joke"

Wind 18,4 km/h NW. Barometer 1014,9 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 14,5 °C. Rain today 0,0mm. Humidity 60%

Congratulations to Buffalo, the winner of our Eastern Regional Bracket! #MarchMadness 

Working on an idea I've had for a while -a continuous series of paintings for charity. Still working out details, b… 

I either need a new mattress or more pillows. OR LESS PILLOWS. idk. I keep waking up in pain. Last week it was my neck, today it's my arm..

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

Community surprises teen battling cancer with parade for his birthday  

im still fucking worn of from those stupid ass captcha things 

Every hour of my spring break has consisted of me asking myself what to eat next and now I've run out of ideas

She then purchased the romfortes of Mr. Blair and Michael Ruttley as "Almost for fans to Irish Nuclear Outsider"

Brits love nothing more than a trip to the hospital. The NHS, staffed by foreigners, fleeced by foreigners, funded by a hike in taxes.

I just remembered today I have to go on a fucking art trip to clevedon pier I hope I fucking fall off

boy i've never been in a fight before but i fr just wanted to start one w some hartshorne kids at subway

This 67 year old broad has to go get her manager she's gone say she new and don't have access to wires after trying for 10 min

My nail tech so damn bad ... and she from Inglewood too girl .. we friends now btw 

On contrary, those couples showing off on social media mostly end up separating. Because not all things we see there are real.

 Aviation conversation; this week's blog on Cockpit Voice Recorders, a true tragedy. #avgeek #aviationsafety

Alexis Sánchez claims he wants to finish his contract with Arsenal  

got a lot of praise at work last night, was proper nice knowing i'm appreciated/actually decent at my job

Bonita: Larvitar (28.9%IV 0/9/4 Rock Smash/Ancient Power 0.7m/106.3kg). TTH: 09:53:23am [3m 23s] 

Axis Communications 0486-001 1 MP Indoor Day and Night IP Dome Camera  #electronics

Today is My lola's birthday too And I feel sad because she's already dead  I celebrate my lola's birthday with sick huhuhu  I miss my lola

4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

rafiki  Kingdom of  on earth mention theory and practice wisdom 

Girls with ugly pussies swear ugly pussies don't exist

I spit on the floor and her ugly ass says "who raised you" 

PHIVOLCS Director Renato Solidum live on CNN PHL: Re: Magnitude 5.4 quake hits Tingloy Batangas -The intensity 6 recorderd in Batangas City…

Microsoft Xbox 360 S 1439 Console 250GB Video Game System Bundle Black  

this is fucking disgusting 

#tity shemale turkish teens fucking 

Am I now trying to win the approval of human beings, or of God? Or am I trying to please people?… 

if she wants some chipotle but you live in flake, take her to some mr$5 to get the best pseudo chipotle ever. 

When I keep fucking with AJ when we're tryna nap he gets mad and I be like 

7 Reasons Spirituality Is Integral to an Emotionally Wealthy Life | by Dr_Sherrie  #youngmoney

#kaabil #Adhm #Shivaay David Schwimmer: ‘Friends Set was a Sexual Harassment-Free Zone’  

13 reasons why me tiene pensando en mi fucking vida.

..payments,regular monthly contributions to calculate budget,assistance with additional wages,flights and so much,so much more is....

]Revealed!! Ronaldo Reveals How He Started Wearing No. 7 Shirt (Photos/Video) 

I know I'm not a blithering IDIOT so why the fuCK DOESNT ANYONE UNDERSTAND ANYTHING THAT I FUCKING SAY

I should probably just use a pencil and paper anyway when I'm trying to actively learn/study/practice

Dudes jus plan nasty her period couldof ended that mornin nd u face 1st in a random eating ketchup twat now  

I hate when I ask for extra caramel and they only put a little bit   I want my shit drowning in caramel

You feel invincible because everything you do now furthers you... More for Cancer 

Unbelievable! Hospital Cleaner Steals Baby’s Placenta, Cooks And Eats It… See…  

B5 and Sensibility, so if you're not using this script runs quite a bit more slowly than the B column

2DAY #NOCOVERCHARGEALLDAYLONG SUNDAY COME BE A PART OF THE #DUSSEDAYPARTY AT slloungeatl 4186… 

Spike social industry tips- architecture your two world-wide lookout fruitarianism, interchanged if you're among… 

"After 6 years as a mum, an unexpected poison has seeped into my mind: I DON'T MATTER..."  #momlife #selfcare

#apple #tech #mac - Become Tech Savvy: How to approach updating software on iPhone and iPad -… 

Please RT if you like!! #Travel Sa Pa and Ta Phin | Report Six | The People of Tay Bac  

fat bird fucking arse and pussy 

Democratic congressman Beto O’Rourke launches longshot Senate challenge to Ted Cruz  I'll support him.

Blue Tiger Elite Bluetooth Wireless Headset Pro Trucker Cell Phone Over-The-Head  

(Global News):#Police in #Shelburne, Ont. offering its parking spaces for safe online..  

my bitch is bad and boujee cookin' up dope with an uz

I think the worst of my allergies is over. Today hasn't been too bad. Fuck yeah.

#Cookingfrenzy GR Turkey taco meat Crock Pot Pineapple salsa Pork ( making up as I go along) Grilled Chicken... 

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

I need answers like who are you and why are you sending me your ugly ass dick 

Happybday big Candace you are so special to the public Dj. God bless your life . I love you dear friend  

....0161 manny on the fucking map 

Man who puts "Jesus 1st" takes a surprising stance on Syria. #SyriaGasAttack #syria 

Guy in my Dist and Log class walks in looks around, sighs and says "I can't do this shit today I'm going home" then turns around and walks out  

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

How are my parents going to get mad at me for not liking their tacky ass colors for our house  

LMAOOOO yet some people try to tell me androids got better camera quality...   

Secret Service Agent Protecting US Vice President Pence Busted with Prostitute: 

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 210 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

Awful defending from Luiz and Cahill ffs come on idiots  

We finally did this thank you to my mother and sister for raising me I know it was not easy but we finally made… 

National Take a Walk in the Park Day is upon us. Which awesome state park is closest to you? Top 10 State Parks… 

I hate my friends that complain they have no friends pero I'm right here soooooo        #ClearlyImNoOne

Newswire: Fox News has spent $13 million on Bill O’Reilly’s harassment settlements... 

This is why most of us in the space industry who are not competing with Elon, love Elon. 

Season Premiere! #KwawKeseForReal Showing tonight inside Silverbird Cinema Accra Mall Rate: FREEEEE!!!

FOREX-Dollar edges up but heads for worst quarter in a year - The dollar edged up on Friday and was on track fo... 

Similarly, the originator of The Touch That Tells is credited in The Jinx 23 with ten hyphens and a question mark. 

Nah. Bmt I will dance on your fucking grave. 

Tammy Duckworth joins effort to block Neil Gorsuch confirmation vote  

edating: a lot of people assume because i dont talk a lot that its because im in a bad mood or grumpy or... 

bro u had someone 100% down for u but u fucked that up real bad

The majority of our problems are of our own making. Gordon Tredgold #leadership #hr #author - Via:… 

Summer is coming! Everything we know about new Game of Thrones so far - The Guardian  #GameofThrones

man if a guy said "i guess my brain is really big" i'd run the other way so quick 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Tune-up Team Netherlands #sportsmassage complete! They are ready! 1st World #curling appearance .So cool for this y… 

I have so much planned for this summer: Ginnie Springs, Hangout, skydiving, etc.         SO PUMPED!!!

If you give your boyfriend head while he driving, you a crazy bitch  

Some people really fucking anger me, having something so great...and then throw it done the drain.

Democratic Lawmakers Hold Hearing on Marine Nude Photo Scandal  

Nidorino  (84.4% 14/11/13, Poison Sting / Horn Attack) until 04:30:08 (29m 0s). 

I'm ashamed at how real I made this Tweet sound... by the way, it's past midnight in my time zone so APRIL FOOLS! 

You can watch a new episode of 'Rick and Morty' like, right now #digitalmarketing #news #today… 

Why cheat? Why? Why not save the other person from pain? They will know. Why not free yourself from the irreversible psychological trauma?

This is my idea for Alex jones parody and now I see it fleshed out as a meme! #alexjones… 

I've just watched episode S07E16 of The Walking Dead!  

Atm... and my brain's not working im fucked 

Just for study, let's go see what happened there Sure there's a timeline, (just a beginner here) will likely mess that up

I can give you five from my personal experience even. And I'm not even lightskin. 

A new built subatomic particle detector has been unveiled in Japan. Scientists will use the machine to recreate the early state of universe

Change - Currency Converter | Foreign Exchange Rates by Sigalit Amsalem now FREE on the App Store. Download via 

-40 Wattpad notifications- W O W I don't have time for this... G'night, Twitter~! 

I spilled half a bag of milk on myself at work. Today has won. I have lost. I'll be in bed if you need me. Don't need me  

WWJD? Maybe the Pope, not orthodox Catholic teaching, is reading Jesus right on divorce and remarriage. 

It's real bad release and it was the rhetoric around her for her trip to hell

11 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Wind 2.6 mph SSE. Barometer 29.731 in, Falling. Temperature 63.7 °F. Rain today 1.52 in. Humidity 97%

Manny Machado Nut Tapping A Teammate During A Pitching Change Almost Makes Me Respect The Orioles 

Enquiry for Angie in September collect on 16/09/2017 #Brentwood #Chelmsford #Essex #MotorhomeForHire Link:… 

roommate im writing a fucking paper get out of my room and DONT touch me

how dare yall bully smol!tendou just bc he's good at read blocking i wANNA FITE THIS KID S 

Easiest way to see what you getting into is tell her some outrageous hoe shit you heard about a woman and check her opinion

crazy how last year i was going through shit and this year i met amazing drama-less people who came into my life and i couldn't be as happy

Chelsea fans will be happy about Thibaut Courtois’ Instagram post  (Source: The Sport Review)

So know, I don't really give a shit about pleasing you for your greed and control over my life, I want my rights and the truth.

OBAMA I WILL "Allow Americans to buy their medicines from other developed countries" TOOK BIG PHARMA $$ INSTE… 

Study finds cord blood test might help predict fatal lung disease in preemies  #all4your1 

Sister piles socks on dog who looks up to birds chirping about two hours so that they realize how behind they are the worst

the worst from of cheating is actually fucking somebody else

I was the nicest thing to you and was nothing but honest, yet you still did me dirty? You're at the top of the ain't shit list lmao

Cocktails at dawn for the national come on 80/1 here we fucking go

Be with someone who will take care of you. Not materialistically, but takes care of ur soul, ur well being, ur heart and everything that's you

always remind myself nothing product about instinctive guilt or anger nothing productive abt rash emotion tht doesnt result in anything

Will be slower for a while, travelling. Little time to catch up but will do my best. Hope all ok with you ? 

White Frame Mirror Sliding Wardrobe Doors Kit - Free Delivery - 5 Kit Sizes  

"#Prison is necessary but not the way we do it - wasting finite resources + destroying redeemable lives"  #CJReform

$BAC seeing persistent wiseguy action throughout the week:  

HOW ARE YOU PEOPLE STILL FUCKING FINDING THIS 

What the fuck Ptv Sports. Put Chelsea's match on!!

Idk why you hoes get mad when he treats you like a hoe   ‍

like i can't wait for the season to start but now i'm also dreading it bc with every clip we'll get closer to the end

My ex asked me to go out after their playoff game tonight and when I said no this dude blocked me on all social media. Lolololol

Smile! It's nearly the weekend! You can now get our Supaclip Emoji Refill Clips in pink too! #rapesco #supacip… 

2017 Redskins Depth Chart Preview: Defensive line desperate for improvement  

it's not freedom of speech if your filthy words are dictating what a woman can and can't do with her body. fuck outta here

Live in #Nelson need a #rollator. Free advice and fair prices at Millercare a local specialist… 

When you're brushing your hair and then all of a sudden bleeding and have no clue why 

Temp 4.4°C, Dewp 4.0°C, Gust NW 4.2kts, Pres 1028.96mb. Today: Max 5.1°C, Min 2.9°C, Rain 0.0mm. 

Marc Faber best teacher on how to lose #money in the #markets. #investing #trading 

We all want to live in #healthycommunities. On Thurs 4/6, a Twitter Storm (2-3p ET) will share strategies to help make it a reality.

Mark your calendars. Mike Love is on your. Help spread the word with a share. 

Under the Bridge, Bittersweet Symphony, Semi-Charmed Life, Tubthumping...literally so many 

I smell a bribe or a threat!-- E.P.A. Chief, Rejecting Agency’s Science, Chooses Not to Ban Insecticide 

Found a Transponder Snail! Who made the escape from Impel Down a success?  #TreCru 

Reminder to self! #sugardetox #langley #nutritionhouse #willowbrookshoppingcentre 

Don't judge me until you know me. Don't underestimate me until you challenge me. Don't talk about me until you... 

yo i shaved my legs so i could wear shorts today bUT ITS FUCKING COLD OUT YO WTF

Low-lifes need others for companionship in the gutter.They are at the same level of classless men with low intellig… 

Yes Helle, so do I a lot, so wonderful the lovely fresh greens and wild flowers all around 

How many times does it need to be said that your intent doesn't matter when you've hurt someone? It's grade school logic!

From getting close to d Crown to Winning d crown in 2016. See d touching story of Benahili Ojeme #MissKTheJourneyGH 

#BIAandapos;s BLUE EYE has won the 12:10 #Flamingo Park -  

#gaysex hot4groupfun posted an update: will you ever have a triple penetration? 

Why do sluts try to act like they not sluts   if you hoe around you hoe around o well   ‍ but don't fucking act like you a Saint    

I READ THAT PART and WANTED TO FUCKING SCREAM 

I'd be like nigga get your ass up and wash the dishes. Mop the damn floors..pick up the dog's shit lol

Everton forward Ademola Lookman pledges future to England - sources  

MyvWarm Birthday greetings to our Vice President, Shri Hamid Ansari. I pray to God for his long and healthy life. 

#inspiration An idea, to be suggestive, must come to the individual with the force of revelation. -William James #quotes #followme

Yup striking out democracy with every tie-break on bullshit bills that can't even get a simple majority in a majori… 

New post (Tomato Basil and Spinach Chicken Spaghetti – healthy, light, Mediterranean...) has been published on J ...… 

These 9 Shocking Facts Will Prove That Harry Potter Was Actually The Bad Guy! 

Does Prince William And Kate Really Love Each Other? These Photos Could Tell!  ->

"I remember you in every sunset–in every time the sun would paint its goodbye and the sea would follow almost leaving the sandy seaside."

Q: How do you fit 1000 dead babies into a phone booth? A: Cusinart. Q: How do you get them back out? A: Doritos.

‡♧ NWT *Betsey Johnson Satchel Bag Crossbody Clip Closure Cream/Multi Quilted  

This crowd proves that when a crowd is hot af and not trying to hijack a show, it makes said show better. #NXTTakeOver

Idiotic #college grads drowning in #debt but still spending money on #luxuries 

⒍ Alab Pilipinas ⒎ Jameson ⒏ YASNER MOST REQUESTED ⒐ Syria ⒑ DigitalConcert ForINIGO 2017/4/8 01:54 PHT #trndnl… 

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Sofia, BG for now (09h58m02s UT): 27°51'30.0'' #Cancer (AC) / 10°31'45.0'' #Aries (MC)

Other than #kids, what keeps you from the #sexlife you want?  

This brought me to tears. So thankful I was able to watch him wrestle my entire life. #Undertaker #Wrestlemania… 

Precision of language asher, yr gonna get fucking released

When you just got comfortable and someone calls your name and asks you to do something. by #Kxng_Jase 

A somewhat rare Pipevine Swallowtail butterfly at the park. This guy was nice enough to pause for a photo after... 

For your consideration: My uterus must me fucking SWOLE when you think about the cramps i get even before my period. Thank you.

And BLL opening credits music by Michael Kiwanuka, Cold Little Heart   (music video with Keith Stanfield also excellent).

You aren't in danger. But any chance you guys can hop up on twitter and start a "party". Too bad it's at the expense of dying children

Because if you lead a bold life, someday you might meet someone with whom you'll want to eat takoyaki together.

When the restaurant fucks her food up and you know it's bout to get ugly 

Yeah bitch that's what I fucking thought. Kick rocks and lick trash.  

USA Today Best Selling Author Jacquie Biggar's Favorite Character #mgtab #amreading 

Judge Charges Mom For Parking Violation Until Her Daughter Says Something Shocking Share on facebook 

didnt spend almost 2 years studying that countrys language and history just to be corrected by sum1 who learned through kdramas DONT TOUCH MEH

  jvydotttt: ghettablasta: Nothing makes sense anymore   fucking nothing. 

Sincerity and deliberation doesn't go hand in hand #debatable #leadership #emotionalintelligence #psychology

I've been really longing to see this show again and today my wish came true!! Thanks for the great night,… 

Want to get your youngster booked in for a check up over the Easter break? We offer specially tailored children's d… 

16 people followed me and 20 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Photographer Takes Stunning Photos Of Dogs As They Age – This Is Fascinating! 

deadass if your dock looks like this and your computer is newer than ~2011' dont talk to me 

The rise of #InsurTech: How young #startups influence a mature #industry  #fint... by… 

lol i 'play' too much today and i have to get out of the house 7 in the morning tomorrow :") . . ((honestly i'm not complaining at all)

Not watching #TheRapGame right now but did flaujae use the reincarnated or down by the water phrase in her song  

Joseph Barton F Fucking C. 

Gonzaga is now 0-1 against top 10 teams, congrats Zags, you finally played a good team, took you long enough

He Force His Waitress To Wear Heals You Wont Believe What Happened To Her Feet! 

#NowPlaying #ListenLive on  Somebody Else by Rico Love #StayConnected #TheVoiceOfThePeople 

I go from "man I'm ugly" to "GIRL YOU FUCKING POPPIN" in about .2 seconds

#Sagittarius I'm not in jail so.....I've made good decisions! But don't test me!! Lmao 

New Flashlight Tactical Police Heavy Duty 3W Rechargeable Flashlight  

Don't resist the one person who will look past all the faults and just see You and love You because you're his #godlovesyou #youregoodenough

Nice to see our club has a sense of humour choosing Nicklas Bendtner for the month of April on the official #nffc calendar  

Don't act like my friend when you around me, but when you get around your friends act like you don't even know me..tf

No confidence!! She keeps saying Messi who scores abla Suarez who scores now not messi  and she said Ronaldo is weak.haters keep watching us

#NowPlaying 8Ball and MJG - Space Age Pimpin'(Clean)  

Open letter, save young lives by adding open water safety to national curriculum - NEWTEKWORLDNEWS… 

GET YOUR MOTHER FUCKING ASS OUTTA MY SISTERS RELATIONSHIP 

MFR extends time of Winter Storm Warning for South Central Siskiyou County [CA] till Apr 8, 5:00 AM PDT 

Classic Ivy League joke: Visitor in Harvard Square: "Excuse me, where's the library at?" Harvard student: "S... 

Moving is stressful. Here are 25 genius hacks to make your move less crazy! Tiny but huge time savers!  #LifeHacks

Gwadar Free Zone is key step towards developing Gwadar Port into an important regional hub 

I vote for #NickJonas and #DemiLovato “Future Now Tour” for #ImWithTheBand at the radiodisney #RDMAs

CBO report shows US places high tax burden on corporations, discourages investment, encourages avoidance… 

#QuiddiCompare has just helped another happy customer from Totnes,  #cleversearch #getaloan

nasty blowjob and anal sex with 

#Sendai Apr 03 15:00 Temperature 10C clouds Wind S 20 km/h Humidity 39% Japan .. 

In order to appease black women that were already talking that way. Ive seen this logic before. Its heavily flawed… 

For You created all things; by Your will they exist, and came to be Revelations 4:11b (Review) #SundaySchool #RCCGfols

Can You Spot It? Mystifying Baseball Eludes MLB Catcher in Hilarious Video  #blog

Girls night out they end up fucking and suck dick 

Severe Thunderstorm Warning in effect in Washington and Wilkinson Counties until 1045 AM #gawx 

I got zero time. Softies greedy and people's attitude has slag a lot. over decades and decades nothing really done. I've done work got paid

Friendly reminder that April fools day is Not a day for you pretend that you're injured or deathly ill as a joke,... 

When someone said me ( you are totally ugly ) Look at me. i am ugly girl ? look this Photo girl and tell me if i a… 

Hate when you go on insta news feed n see women post pics of a 3D pregnancy scan!!! The pics look scary as hell  don't post it    

my dragonite brings all the boys to the yard and they're like: can you trade me that? and i'm like:fck off retard #milkshake

me be like: who is that guy with the gray hair *sees akaashi* me: BOKUTO?! O_O ASDFGHJKL 

IM FUCKING SCREAMING        

#MusicDrive | #TopRequest  PLAY MUSIC and VIDEO: Future Ft. Drake - "Used To This" 

FJSJHDSJSHSH LRT HE BLESSES THE FUCKING STORE IM SCREAMING

I’m ready to engage with my 3 new followers in the past day. I know them via 

These idiotic April's fool jokes are already getting annoying omg. I'm so triggered

I find this whole son-in-law granted enormous authority bc related and not a lady to be foul in like 7 dimensions

Westlife - Nothing's Gonna Change My Love For You [VietSub | Kara Effect | HD] 

me: all showered, skin care routine complete, glowing and clean and ready for bed me: gets in bed and immediately watches videos of 9/11

whys everyone mad at me for fucking ONE handi cap girl?

Man what's your fucking problem???? 

not to be dramatic or anything but I really, really love All Time Low and they own my ass 

They weren't designed for this. You were. God didn't place it in their heart. He placed it in yours.

Pre-Conference Projects are under way! We want to thank you for bringing towels, water, and socks. #menssummit17 

I think T.A.A. could do a good job on rw with Mane out injured. Impressive when he came on and has natural attackin… 

#TBT: From Parenting Roundabout Episode 118 (5/6/16): Appreciating Teachers, Moms, and Summer Vacation. Listen at… 

it seems that what I wanted to convey the outstanding movie works has finally become the current standard.

Why am I eating breakfast biscuits in bed? I'm just setting myself up for painful crumb-based misery

And Thank You, stupido, for showing us yet another way you ILLEGALS get around the system. Hopefully, the govt. can… 

Loneliness can make your cold symptoms seem even more severe  

JOKE: A man sits in a bar, reading a newspaper. Suddenly he is tapped on his shoulder by another man: "Excuse me s… 

TAEVision #3D State-of-the-Art #MercedesBenz #GClass #GWagon Above and Beyond the Expectations 

Chocolate mousse anyone?   Made with aquafaba and even better than my 1st attempt   #vegan #eggfree #dairyfree 

Class doesn't start for 3 more days and history prof is already sendin stuff out 

adage: Why it won't be easy for FTC to regain ISP privacy oversight and why it may not matter anyway… 

Getting a new piercing was an awesome idea... Until I started washing my hair and almost yanked it out.

Fuck it I'm going to pold dancing classes !!! 

WHITE TRASH IM LAAAAUGHING "they kissed" "they were making out" they almost had sex" 

Local-Temp : 28.00 Local-Humidity: 48.70 Remote-Temp : 0.00 Remote-Humidity: 0.00 Time: 279716383 Counter: 0 Sensor: OK IAmArduino.

N O N S E N S E vol.57 “ Tuesday led to the terrace “  #illustration #edit #media #news… 

If you #love horror movies, watch Eloise (2017) here:  

Two proven pairs of Vasa Parrots available at 2,500 each pair: All four #birds are in… 

Let's see, got broken up with, rejected from a research position, and I entered the wrong routing number to pay my rent and it over drafted.

maybe is couse im nothing but a fucking loser who diserves to have nothing like everyone is saying about me

  sillysurgeon: fireb0y: He fat leave him the fuck alone!! 

I literally hate nothing more than how partisan this country has become thanks to statements and men like this. I h… 

"Let's innovate and run the government like a business." *hire the guy who did PR for The Purge* 

Dcryme wins Most Influential Entertainment personality in USA -  

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

Every positive step that you take is transforming your being, which brings a peace and joy that is indescribable. You will never go back.

My favourite Chaser's always been Paul, but Mark might just have changed my mind! #thechase #gangofchase

Cause there's this tune I found that makes me think of you somehow and I play it on repeat Until I fall asleep Spilling drinks on my settee

i hope baby saccone-joly is called something totally rad like aoife or something really cool like that

Quick Q from me Mr PM, is anyone recording minutes of the meeting? Genuine Question. #MinutesofMeetingIsEssential… 

I wanna know why you think you are thick? you have ... — I never said I was thick I said I have thick thighs... 

Report: Tony Romo retiring from football for broadcasting career  (via  )

Why so many tweets for one sentence logline? Urgency fits me always when I recall the word "suicidal"...

My bestfriend is always mad that I lag on her but imma talk shit because she lagged it on national burrito day..smh

"Finding a monopolistic industry is pretty easy, actually. You just follow the bad customer service," 

#PremierLeague Southampton 0-0 Bournemouth: Harry Arter blazes over: SAM CUNNINGHAM AT ST MARY'S: Harry Arter… 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Everything Korea, April 3 Episode --Working with Korean Teams, Part 1 #donsoutherton #everythingkorea... 

“Sometimes I can’t see myself when I’m with you. I can only just see you.”         

Just ran into my friend and casting giant George Pierre . Good seeing you brother. Thanks for always dropping jewels.

Thought provoking set of papers imaging the techno-legal landscape in 2030... 

Volibear Approx.100pcs Painted Model Train Seated People Passengers Figures 1:10  

Either interviews from this build area is Hugh build James is creating towards against xmen types side : Ian satan 

How exciting to find this 1998 domaine_michel_lafarge #volnay on #wine list at Bistro L'Hotel in… 

You covet quality time spent with your circle of friends today... More for Cancer 

#nude girls race with fucking girl cums while having sex 

'Captain America: Steve Rogers' Twist Shifts Balance of Power in Marvel's Comic Book Universe 

It is fucking impossible to get your manuscript to Monarch Publishing

WHY IS EVERYTHING SO FUCKED LATELY. WHEN WILL BAD SHIT STOP HAPPENING!!!!!!!!!!!!

Surrounded by stupid idiots at #NXTTakeOverOrlando 

Fired Disney Workers Reveals The Weird Rules Of ‘The Happiest Place On Earth’. 

ok but I made it very clear that Adrian was my man.. and as soon as she saw that I was recording him, she stares to cover her phone

Read and share our joint report on systematic torture in #Bahrain  

I can't even think of buying a comic without considering the artist. Hell, the art for me is the main draw.

My friend took me out to this great little restaurant, and honestly the tea was too pretty of a color to not take a… 

The true art of warriorship -- 22 tenets that govern your existence. The world will be changed when YOU are change… 

BioShock 2: Greatest Hits Edition (Sony PlayStation 3, 2010)  

GOAAAL EVERTON LETS FUCKING GO BLUES!!! FUCK LIVERPOOL

The constant swing between anxiety and depression is actually so exhausting and damaging that I can't keep my thoughts straight anymore  

like fucking of course it does that is literally a description of 1/4 of the fucking planet.

^^ link in bio :) 1 Pair Fashion Womens Sports Casual Cute Ankle High Low Cut Cotton Socks New 

Here are some helpful tips for organizing and decluttering your home.  

SetoPati - Harrison Ford to keep flying license even after accident  

I feel like celebrities use whatever they have only when it makes them sound cool, never seen the speak up over anything until it's.. edgy

"THE FORCE AWAKENS: A Bad Lip Reading" (Featuring Mark Hamill as Han Solo) 

I'm very grateful for your support of my live streaming across Asia thank you for donation of $10,$20,$50 to… 

Check out the rainy day activities we've been doing this week... #pbloggers #mummyblogger 

Just finished a 4 heart run in Shovel Knight and not gonna lie I feel like a fucking god at games rn.

*buys the newest MacBook Pro to fill voids of anxiety and depression instead of going to a therapist*

VodafoneIN: Sarvesh_Chouhan Hi Sarvesh, We're sorry about the trouble. Please DM us your contact number and we'll … 

Growing and engaging with the right tweeps - gained 1 new follower in the past day, courtesy 

Book that could change your life: Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity - 

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive shots of Skypiea's "Kami," Eneru!  #TreCru 

13 reasons why is not as good as all the tweets make it seem. This shit sucks lmfao. Good message and all but terrible to watch

Swear to god it's the worst shit ever 

I should really eat before I pick this fight with you, because lord knows when you ask if I'm hungry, and I say yes, you'll think it's over.

It's a goddamn distraction for the heathen ur playing against to just lay out an army of fucking rats while you just hope for dear life

TREBLE THE ODDS ON YOUR FIRST BET ON ALL AMERICAN FOOTBALL MARKETS BET NOW -  

Fucking haar Pussy In Front of the Mirror 

I'm fairly simple. I workout, getting an education, hustler, and if you show me love, I'll love you unconditionally.

Woman refuses to kiss boyfriend for a month after he ate horse manure for a £40 bet  

This is so cool! I'm on the truck, y'all. Far left column near guy right hand. Thx again for doing this… 

:D We were delighted to receive these wonderful photos off Stigg, one of our winners of our recent Ariat Buford... 

girl gets fucked in a pool of spaghetti 

I wonder if i'm looked at as the bad guy here cuz like tf nigga  ? i ain't

#ERASMUS+: capacity-building in higher education. Reach out for the EU support to create your project… 

Mon Apr 03 2017 02:24:54 GMT+0900 (KST) Room 924 temperature value is 124.98992919921875 temperature is a little bit hot isn't it?

I mean the only thing he wanted was Ethan's follow obviously after he got it he suddenly started disliking E.

Analysis | Will North Korea fire a missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland? Probably. 

Type-making is about to go mainstream. Welcome to #typocracy!  #design #typography #fonts

Someone please shut this fucking guy up... 

work decided that tomorrow is "foxy friday" and not one person has any fucking idea what that theme could entail

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

It's as if the filter between your thoughts and your spoken wo... More for Cancer 

Jack and Jones Originals Denim Shirt With Double Pockets And Press Stud Buttons  

Is #Soros the embodiment of Evil? Hell yes, so we should thrown him out of America 

QandA: Bob Lutz, the auto industry's 85-year-old bad boy, goes off on Musk and Trump 

X4 Neutral Density, MRC16, SCHOTT B270, Nanotec, Ultra-slim, Weather-sealed, 25  

BASKETLIGAN HERE WE FUCKING COME !!!!!!!! #AIKBasket #AIK

THE ENDING OF 13 REASONS WHY HAS ME SO FUCKED UP !!!!

Excited for a second coz i thought Hongki is finally having a full black hair lol 

Pornstat loves fucking her horny masseur 

Katie is facetiming me In the airport in Minneapolis and she has a bottle of Bombay in her fucking pocket

Nigga turned into captain save a hoe a broke1 at that  . People souls are wicked and the bad vibes don't suit me , I don't like it around.

People won't fucking care if you tell them about your half-brained, toxic thoughts on a KOREAN BOY GROUP

pussy exams #snake fucking girl in pussy stories 

Great turnout at #PeakExperiences Thanks for making #RFMexpo17 a success! #SummerCamps See you next year! 

Is It O.K. That Our Friends Are Constantly Suing People? by KWAME ANTHONY APPIAH 

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! Let's have a chat -  

Congrats! Keep thriving! Your hair and skin look beautiful, don't be hard on your progress    

To give up and lose it all? Or keep trying and not give up? It this point don't know what to do with my life...

Rachel Notley warns Brad Wall against trying to ‘steal’ businesses from Alberta ...  CFP News and Videos

You have to try this Rainbow Veggie Bake with your kids! #Entry #BakeryFreshFriends -  

O'Reilly: Democrats Treated SCOTUS Nominee Neil Gorsuch As Badly As Pharisees Treated Jesus 

Lexington youth sports complex in doubt over site, funding questions  

Felony and Aiden Starr fucking sluts like crazy 

Most valuable Chinese #art ever offered for sale N Song Dynasty Imperial RuWare see Hoard at  

Showstopping performances adorn opening ceremony - Times of India  #news #entertainment

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

A dad just walked onto the subway with a bby strapped to his front and a big flowery bag on his shoulder and I just...imagine Ssk

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

when ur school doesn't do class rank but someone puts #1 and u and ur classmates are like 

"That hardly ever happens" is another way of saying, "It happens". ― Douglas Crockford, during his keynote at YUIConf 2011

Fox is trying to complete this challenge as a Guardian Druid and he keeps wiping. And RAGING. Aaaall these salty tears. Mmmm-hmm.

#FLCRC meeting tonight in #Miami! Please make plans to attend tonight's mtg and bring ideas of what you want to see i… 

The cronies will then, in unison again, announce, probably after another strike, that Trump is a great leader.

If you enjoy scheming and lying, make sure you're good at it, make me buy wat'chu sellin or go ahead and retire.

you are a fucking moron simpson 

Haven't seen a single complain about the RAW crowd but I've seen a million people complain about people complaining about the RAW crowd

We’re in the Golden Age of Entrepreneurship - Foundr  

   #MUSIC: "Exalt The King" by Atonye Douglas #ExaltTheKingByAtonyeDouglas Download Here  

Microsoft will use Forza 7, Battlefront 2 and Red Dead Redemption 2 to showcase 4K on 'Project Scorpio' Xbox 

Ordering Gucci slides to wear while fucking your bitch

Comparing the Business of WWE WrestleMania to Rest of the Sports Universe  

Guess which Dolan Twin I ended up with! #DolansDoEpisode   

Intel Boss Unmasked Gen. Flynn, 1565 #FlynnLeaks #RussiaGate #ObamaSpiedOnTrump #ArrestUnmaskers 

saundering: every artist and writer needs to distinguish between “I no longer want to work on this piece”... 

Wouldn't it be great if PriceWaterhouseCooper also gave the wrong results of the 2016 election, and Hillary actually did win the presidency.

All I can say is you dumb hoe you got me feeling stupid

We wouldn't be up and running without our volunteers. If you want to help, come to volunteer orientation on Saturday! 

Bouta cough up a lung, take this nyquil and get my sick ass to bed

It's just very fucking inconsiderate to have me rushing to be here on time and I don't get the same in return

I'm sick of these fake ass people that call themselves my friends.

Addison rides her fucking machine and squirts all over! 

Book - The Ransom of the Soul: Afterlife and #Wealth in Early Western #Christianity  HT… 

Boko Haram kills four soldiers, seven civillians - Punch Newspapers -  

#FoundInArea51 An Alien Reality Generator That Creates Earth From A Dark Void In Which We Lie Imprisoned!   

IM ACTUALLY DVA. DVA IS ACTUALLY CHIBI MOON. Starting the stream now~  

Ami Solutions Press: $31 Billion Municipal Water and Wastewater IIoT Market by 2026… 

If jesse mccartney is going to sing at my wedding it's going to be beautiful soul. 

Look at Sam trying to set the scene when he knows he done fucked up. Even Jamie isn't buying your bs today Sam #MiC #MadeInChelsea

what popular thing would you re-name and what would you re-name it? #QandA #REDDIT #ASKREDDIT #QUESTIONS 

What's the best piece of #advice someone gave you when searching for a job? #jobsearch #jobhunting #tips

Here's a haiku about medical reasoning and parental fallibility: Says mother to son Miasma gave me asthma My ass ma, says he #NPRpoetry

Bangladesh stand-off comes to deadly end with 'militant' blast  

All teams from number 1 till 5 those team are still on the race the rest ahhhhhh abanashuke abana metric #PSLrace

outdoor anal fucking in the car 

G Garvin is coming to 2017 GTBank Food and Drink Fair this April  

If the whole world was watching I’d still dance with you Drive highways and byways to be there with you Over and over the only truth

GIRLFRIEND LOVES GETTING FUCKED 

Everyone left in this battle royal should give their notice and make a name for themselves outside of the WWE #Wrestlemania

We got revenge from them(rt:44, raci, kat, time) yes, Tom, sexy baby Tom..my love friend, my sex friend,Tom <3

A huge thank you to everyone!   We launched our brand new platform exactly one week ago today. — What an... 

Court Freed A Lesbian Who Was Accused Of Molesting Her Neigbour  

THE FUCKING ELEVATOR DOORS HIT ME WHEN I WALKED IN RJNCMDMSMSMMS

 FAMILY FUN DAY  - Lots of new and old faces at our Family Fun Day here at Silverblades Ice Rink Slough! Did you... 

This is the only way to continue being a popular politician from the south east now 

" I've realized that I'm probably just perfect and it's everybody else around me that's got issues. " - Scott Disick

If the Republicans want to confirm a Supreme Court Justice today, may I suggest Merrick Garland? #SCOTUS If the Re… 

SEUSS-TASTIC WALK-A-THON --- 4/20 at 12:00 PM! Leaves of Learning is holding a walkathon on April 20 to raise... 

CASH GAME UPDATE: 6 x £1/£2 NLH 6th April at 7pm Live Satellite into #MegaStack event £30 - 4 Seats GTD, 5k starting stack #PSLive

For #BBNajia not too have problems they finally decided too give tokunbo a challenge too instead of the grand prize

omg i loved the big litte lies finale it was everything i wanted and way better ending than the book

We lost the funniest man who ever lived today in Don Rickles. He's your favorite #comedian 's… 

SEVEN FUCKING DAYS ! ! ! SEVEN FUCKING DAYS ! ! ! SEVEN FUCKING DAYS ! ! ! SEVEN FUCKING DAYS ! ! ! SEVEN FUCKING DAYS ! ! ! SEVEN FUCKING D

Adam Schiff: There Is No "Definitive" Proof Of Any Trump-Russia  What abt #AwanBrothers and #DNC and #Muslimbrotherhood

i personally have been through the process of grief, and i 100% would say i'm still going through it. i want to make some sort of impact

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive shots of Skypiea's "Kami," Eneru!  #TreCru 

#DPR: #Ukraine didn’t meet its commitments to observe ceasefire, 86 violations over 24 hours… 

You could work with such a passionate intent today that you in... More for Pisces 

what idiot called them antacids and not afterburners

#FTP attacked from 139.162.75.112(..),United States.#blacklisted. Details at 

Bayleef 64.4% IV (15/13/1) with Razor Leaf and Ancient Power by Forestbrook til: 10:50:32am (29m 47s). 

Ever-Beleaguered Thompson Center Leads List Of State's Most Endangered Historic Sites  

|| Hey all, Replies and stuff later, But I'm popping in as a writer jn. I wanna become more friendly with the writer's behind the character+

imperialist "wonks" are fucking vile. i look forward to them facing a People's Commission of Truth and Reconciliation

George Clinton to Receive Legacy Award at 2017 SESAC Pop ... - Billboard #ClassicRockandPop 

Non-woven Garland Love Heart Curtain Wedding Supplies Wedding Decoration RoomLAN  

Sorry am I in a work place or a fucking school playground

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

All this flooding everywhere makes me think I could never live near a town's major river. Or if I did it would be in a huge 2 story house

As a Punk Drummer and formally licensed black church preacher? can only report Netflix Left Behind series, has nothing to do with #jesus

Yep, he had the black vote in the bag. So he sold everyone out to get illegal votes! Thats your man! 

Today's office set up. Not a bad place to be answering and writing emails.    

I'm like the only guy in my server banned him, and he replied that apparently nobody else could've done it??

#FridayFeeling just started trending with 72777 tweets. More trends at  #trndnl

Your friend needed help buying pot and you felt bad about it afterwards. Don't worry, we've got you covered. fullresponsibility.me

As angrily dictated to a sweating assistant desperately avoiding eye contact: 

Our hands-on and rigorous #BrandActivator Training Program prepares them on what to expect in… 

if u eat eggs sunny side up ur the biggest fucking loser

RT OhBaeMsgs: A relationship where we can act like idiots together   

who was that... a story about you... really... look left... i go right... ohh nooo... i clean up ok... i do i do... ok?

Y'all niggas annoying I'm bout to start calling y'all sis   ‍

CHAOTIX's FUTURE TONE BURST (Part31 of 31)#HatsuneMiku #ProjectDIVAFutureTone- TWO SIDED LOVERS -HARD PERFECT 

There is still time to register for Mountain Maryland Tech Network Kick-Off Event to be held Wednesday, April 12... 

Part-Time Bilingual Customer Service Representative - Gainesville, GA, , USA #jobs #Gainesville pls RT: Aaron s has… 

When you find the bravery to be who you really are and shine, you give us permission to shine to. 

When such tremors occur in SA makes me think of horrible Haiti earthquake. Let's take care of ourselves citizens and be alarmed. #tremorSA

Honestly fuck I been concentrating on my self n shit grades good life great relationships bomb asf my life is just fucking amaze ballz 

I was getting too lit in the bathroom to ed sheeran and I busted my fucking ass getting out of the shower :,)

Dalit Youth Brutally Killed For Loving An Upper-Caste Girl - TV1 Jai Telangana 

A cashier asked Sophia if she would prefer a doll that looked like her. Sophia was not about to let this cashier... 

Start your week by spending time with God. Join us at our 8am Lauderhill/10am Sunrise service today. Be a blessing;… 

56CTS 100% NATURAL APACHE GOLD PEAR SHAPE CABOCHON PENDANT SIZE GEMSTONE  

They got me fucked up talking about I'm driving a limo to my grandma funeral

"To turn the corner and suddenly have your sight line filled with this beautiful centerpiece - takes your breath away" Keith Robinson

Oh, I am..and you suck at it already. U didn't ban the use of #clorpyrifos. They use it on our effing food! Proven to… 

Tongue fucking her Korean pussy 

With 10hrs remaining in this years #AZGivesDay, you can still donate to our cause today and help homeless shelter... 

#NowPlaying Donald Lawrence. Lord, I Kiss Your Presence - Total Praise Fm - Listen and feel the Praise 

Gold Price :5-4-17 2)20550/20450(1256.0/34.55) 1)20500/20400(1255.0/34.52)  Twitter... 

SENIORS: The big '17' class picture will be taken NEXT WEDNESDAY. Please wear your senior t shirt for the picture!! 

Now I feel sick now Maddie gotta get her ass beat  

Watch lesbian movie:  I fucked my masseuse 

hahahahahaha i fucked up on a project. it asked me to collect data every day and i just didnt do it over the duration of the project.

Cleared: Construction on #PalisadesInterstateParkway SB from Exit 15; Old Gate Hill Road; CR 10 to Exit 13; US 202; CR 47

Warner Bros. might have to pay $900 million if they can’t prove ghosts are real  

Six Appeal: Diamond Atelier’s incredible BMW R100R ‘DA#6’: The latest release from the… 

Everyone's watching Alex and this idiot fight and NO ONE IS DOINGANYTHING THESE PEOPLE ARE DISGUSTING

You might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie... More for Cancer 

I dont blame KD for leaving OKC but he pulled a dick move by goin to GS. They just fucked yall in the ass and sent yall home from the playoffs

From the clinic: LL injury risk factors in Maltese Army recruits  Fitness important #Physio… 

"Activists Use Social Media to Push Advertisers to Take Sides - New York Times"  #SocialMedia

Just found out Roman Reigns Won at Wrestlemania. I don't mind. Taker already lost the streak and I think Reigns is good. #RomanEmpire

Apart from it's unique Tarzan episode, problem with #VanamaganTrailer is the similarity to half of #SaltNPepper (tribal episode).

if you listen to September in the morning there's a 100% chance that the rest of your day is gonna be amazing

Lmaoooo niggas already mad at me and I just got home   #nevergetyabitchback

dear self PLS jst finish a goddamn book b4 u start browsing for other books there's already a huge pile on ur current reading list as it is

Sometimes in life you don't know what you truly want even though they're right next to you, but some day, it's going to leave.

I AM NOT PAYING FOR THE FUCKING FILIBUSTER!!!!!!! #TheFive

Everybody needs to see #13ReasonsWhy   talk about getting your attention from the get go and so needed in today's society. #hooked

With Putin fucking Drumpf's wife and making him watch each time, you'd think shithead would get the message that he's DONE!!!

Love how they always just being themselves without minding about idol image.. Haha i bet they get scolded a lot by their manager

Probably COAS to place a confidence that army will fully support to "IK" after expectan supreme Court "Panama" deci… 

Hubby Filming BBC Fucking Wife 

Well I was right. I said the next Takeover would be either late May or early June. May 20. Chicago. The night before Backlash. SD Live ppv.

Documentarian Ken Burns plans on a four-hour film on Muhammad Ali to air on PBS 

if theres something i miss from homsetuck it was the excitment of my notifier showing me there was an update

I've been waiting for those two acceptance letters to get here and have tangible evidence to make it a bit more real, pero no llegan.  

2 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 1 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you 

I'm looking for Guitar Teacher in London, United Kingdom, and these people can help: 

They're all idiots dangerous idiots 

New Artificial Synapse Bridges the Gap to Brain-Like Computers  #neuromorphic

'Culture is treatment': northeast health officials celebrated for Aboriginal health plan 

Found a Transponder Snail! A tearful farewell: The Going Merry's last voyage.  #TreCru 

coz. everyone. is. getting. tired. everything. thats. the. reality. fucking. reality. and. thats. fucked. up.

Tboss dancing   jezz!is it my eye abii am seeing double?after how many weeks and u choose to dance today mitcheww #BBNaija

In Birkenau concentration camp in nazi Germany te lokal population tried to neglect the knowledge of the crude abus… 

Augusta National is great for so many reasons! This is one of them. Once you get in it's affordable! 

Hate bitches that you gotta ask 200 questions to get to what you looking for  

So the grandkids are having a sleepover with Nannie Sue (me)! They've been so good - just need them to sleep   #sleepover #grandchildren

Strong is the force in talentless wannabes if social status they attain. Perform eloquent acts, they will. Gifted o… 

Learn how Carl Network Engineer (the guy who tells and re-tells the tale of the great spanning-tree loop of ought-fiv… 

Yoooo i really hated this nigga   

Erica Scoville and her husband Mike never thought they'd be trend-setters. But the Richland, Washington, coupl... 

someone: I don't think you're annoying when you talk a lot you're interesting to listen to me: I would die for you

K5BL LIVE Weather McKinney TEXAS USA ... 01:00 AM Temperature 60.1oF Humidity 69 PCT % Wind 0.0 mph N%

#BBNaija: Fans reacts after Tboss say N25m is nothing to Her and Half Caste ladies are hot commodity in Nigeri… 

Look who i found, she said she needs a new home. The old one burn down.....           

Man is playing football after a fucking leg break but Mourinho doesn't think he has the focus. Loooll. De Bruyne 2.0 incoming

I seriously hate waiting in line at the grocery store and the fucking register breaks.... Fml there's like five people behind me

Stressing about shit you can't change is the worst

Okay I'm real life mad, how could someone do this to such a bool looking pup, people are evil dawg 

[  ] One dead, 28 missing in Indonesia landslide  | 

<The Cheating Saga: My Wife's Friend ñ Aisha Part 2 - Fuck me with that big cock, I want it insde me 

Nowhere is the impoverishment of language so obvious than in the attempt to describe a photograph. It defies us at every turn. Powerful.

i know a bad bitch when I see one andand she aint bad

My fucking boobs broke the snap for the dress I was gonna wear to the banquet. I feel so betrayed rn

I hate someone who lie all the damn time! like bitch  

  Wonderful lady working hard to save as many dogs as possible from the #DogMeatTrade #SouthKorea #HelpNamiKim 

I think I cover every genre of music in 1 car ride. it'll go from "pull up wit some shootas at ya house" to "She will be loooooved"  

Back to my roots. Only positive vibes or don't even bother.  AFRICA FOREVER. #strongisbeautiful… 

4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today, but you k... More for Cancer 

The National Weather Service in Boise has issued a * Small Stream Flood Advisory for... Snowmelt in... East cen #Wx 

IVCCD’s Duree talks state budget woes, legislation Community colleges took a $4.75 million hit at the state... 

Mississauga's loaded up top line finally clicks, Spencer Watson with a neat little tip that beats Lazarev. 1-0 Mississauga

You were carrying the camera and backpack. I was carrying my compact and hairspray. #kurtrocks let's get it trendin… 

Been trying to find the words to explain how I feel after today and I just can't, the absolute worst way to lose, everyone gave it their all

There are lots of things to do around the house and you can't ... More for Pisces 

London News Search (Russia and West clash over Syria gassing (NB Disturbing scenes) - BBC News) 1 London -… 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

But if I work tomorrow I won't have had a day off in TEN DAYS. I'm so annoyed and tired of everyone's attitude here. I'm one of their

Russia PM Medvedev says U.S. missile strikes on Syria came 'within an inch' of military clashing with Russia

#GetOut leads the first-ever #MTVAwards with six nominations  

SN: this   bout to be lit...I marinated two pieces of tuna with this sweet jerk marinade and some green peppers and onions. Lawd

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Is there anyone that can carry my stupid ass through Nobunaga on #CrashFever ??

They retarded bro. They dk how to mind they business. That's why they so unhappy. 

You gotta learn to cope in a world that's fucked up and twisted

For female high school students 4/6 (Thursday) 2:20 PM, Wakabayashi-Ku, Minami-OTARI fountain ...  #miyagi #japan

How you go 5 shade lighter just by putting on makeup...dont wear the shit if you cant find your right shade...tired of seeing clowns  

Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate. - John F. Kennedy #quote 

Kelly bossing the uneven bars and kicking the raptor through the wall and onto the spike is an amazing scene and wo… 

Enjoy our special Navratri Menu at The Punjabiis For Reservations: 098733 66405 #ThePunjabiis #Noida #GIPM... 

Usher and Alicia Keys: "It started when we were younger, you were mine...." Me: MYYYYYYY BOOOOOOOOOO 

daily reminder that I love taetae, sarsar, mel, momo, vicky, izzy, bts sooooooooooooooooooo much and I'm so grateful to have them in my life

MFA Spokesman’s Comments in response to media queries on Indonesian media reports carrying…  #EntertainmentMedia

This is so cute lol and the godfather position should go to either Zayn or Louis   

BITCH I THINK WE'RE TAKING A QUIZ ON THE PAGES WE READ AND IM FAILING THIS BAD

Mylene so annoying. I wish Zeke stop chasing after her ass

Unfortunately, with the lack of critical thinking skills we've seen in too many voters Ossoff...Obama...Osama (we… 

im fucking screaminnggg             

The Mayor and white Leaders wants to Replace Stop the Violence movement that they can not control by Rev. Benny Johns… 

Good morning.. So everything back to normal huhh ..     .. Good me too.. I'm back .. Now I'm a good innocent grown ass woman ..  

Nike gon quickstrike release them royal 1's sometime later this month, like a random Tuesday 1pm type shit lol gotta be ready

U.S. Military Leaders Are Worried That A War With Russia Could Start By Accident #News #GreatThings 

How fitting that women's careers will be hurt because Mike Pence needs his wife as a chaperone. 

bar results are coming out tomorrow(ish) and i literally can't fucking breathe.

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#Bluehand welcome all people. Especially Nazis. #Nazis are Bonds friends. #BluehandLies #BluehandFamily 

TWEET OF THE FUCKING DECADE 

#architecture #interiordesign #deco Contemporary stone house rises from old ruins in Portugal 

Now first we take the sword and smash the big round thing like this...! There...! Wow... That was... easier than I expected.

Nigga got a job and started tweetin "unemployed friends are a burden and now he's unemployed he's dming me on some"… 

I hate when people post a pic with a Smirnoff in their hand like bitch wtf are you bragging about lmao

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

You are trying a new approach to doing your chores today. You ... More for Leo 

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

2. Convert- The best way to convert potential customers is to use offerings during every stage of the sales funnel #Nurture #Leads #Convert

An idiots prediction for UFC 210 

Pakis cant respond to this all weather friend...nawaz sharif n hafeez r all quiet 

Wouldn't want to date a serial killer. Oooo and then there are the girls who like to pretend to get raped. Bitch you have some serious

Lebanon's Hezbollah calls US strike on Syria 'idiotic step' 

Sometimes your commitment to fulfilling your obligations is re... More for Taurus 

=The Office Sex Tales: Naughty Secretary Part I - Fuck she does have great boobs 

You are trying a new approach to doing your chores today. You ... More for Leo 

stressed about SAT tomorrow because my SAT score won't get me into any fucking college sooo there's that      

5D CHESS INTENSIFIES......I FUCKING HOPE... 

(#blacksails spoilers) the fact that my lgbtq folk all survived to the end!!!!! (except eleanor rip) oh my gosh!!!!! god bless this show

Idc how many times I complain about college, imma keep going bc this shit is dumb easy if you FOCUS.

Trump's 'well-oiled machine' is heating up and squeaking loudly: White House frustrated by palace intrigue 

I'm going to burn in hell with the hindus and the muslims and anyone else that doesn't believe in...err.. who?? Oh yeah yahweh! FUCK OFF!!

Super Soul Winner of the Month! Great job, Jayy! Continue to be a witness for Christ, furthering… 

#vanessa hudgins pussy drunk woman fucking 

04-07 #KendallJenner Bares Toned Tummy In Casual Crop Top — SHOP Her Look For $20 #KendallJenner 

// Say hello to my new character, Eddy Poe. Check the link below and tell me how I did. 

Trump's budget could plunge nation's capital into recession  

Closed Sell 0.1 Lots GOLD 1248.8 for +73.0 pips, total for today +1428.7 pips #ForexSignals #Gold #XAUUSD 

This lady and her partner should be given a Pulitzer Prize. Will that happen? I seriously doubt it. 

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

The Insanely Luxurious Lifestyle Of Dubai Billionaire Crown Prince (PHOTOS)  

♪ Depeche Choad - I Hate Cats  #NowPlaying

but you know whatever everything is my fault because i'm the fucking bad guy

And finally she decided to change her story and step into a new one. . I just came back from my… 

The Best of Search and Social: 10 Questions to Ask a Potential Facebook Marketing Partner 

#MansionElan Tonight 18 and UP EVERYONE FREE ALL NIGHT TEXT "SKIP" TO 678.755.9821 TO SKIP LINE ON GUEST LIST  x3

For sure might get a load of liberal women to go to Syria and show some love to isis 

It's hard, and god your young soldier's not so bold, but needs you. This world's my home but world I will leave you.

The ducks have come back to a WSS. The courtyard will be closed to students   

if you don't pull over for a funeral procession you're a jackass and I hate you

Philippines Leader Vows to Pardon Police Accused in Mayor’s Death  

The team was inspired by the release of #BeautyAndTheBeast. Be our guest and check out the WORX Disney playlist: 

girl cos is hoping the world doesnt see ur entire ass every five seconds ft. even if you wear shorts under then u worry abt ppl seeing that

I want all my twitter followers to know when I say bitch or bitches I'm not just talking bout females.. y'all mad sexist

There are really progressive people here. They push hard. They are committed. Then you get those who have self preservation agenda

 Kiss the moon goodbye But don't close your eyes Your eyes It's the end of the night But the beginning of time for you and I 

I swear to fucking god if they pick Chicago. . 

#Kristianstad gaping #petite #mirrorselfies bigboobs fucking #gfe #stockings amature paypig 

Dorchester and Otsiningo Park will still be closed until at least Monday morning. We have our crews and pumps... 

Being Mary Jane   Judge Perry MacAlister on Great Day USA speaking about his nomination to the Supreme Court with… 

The U.S. Entered World War I On April 6, 1917 – Did Trump Just Start World War III On April 6, 2017?  #blacklisted…

Trade free follows 200x200 or less I don't go first liars get blocked and reported team up 30x30 tweet me  

dude deadass the bridge in this joint made me cry one time because it's flawless 

If your mom isn't your bestfriend you got your priorities all kinds of fucked up

Beautiful photo be Cindy Lawler from the carolina_international_cic CIC*** #eventing #xc… 

What's your reaction when you see the person you like tweet they haven't met the person they're gonna marry yet?  

Bollywood Indian Salwar kameez Anarkali Designer Ethnic Party Wear Dress New 132  

#brunette anal fucked girls striping gallerys 

Still would mind hackson fucking me to this song tbh

Me: looks at the Georgia aquariums website because I wanna buy all the plushies and patches like look. Who knew the… 

LIVE FROM NEW YORK — we’ve always wanted to say that — it’s #WEDay #NewYork! Keep watch on this feed for highlights… 

Cause For Concern: North Korea’s Weapons Division Has Been Microwaving The Same Potato For 36 Hours 

The master of illusionist, #DavidCopperfield, has amassed an estate most humans can only dream of. #lifegoals… 

"Black Muslims" are not "real" Muslims as Malcolm X found out, to his eternal regret! 

Trump discloses financial details of wealthy staffers including Ivanka  

(Dating? What are billionaire's Daughter, Dj Cuppy and Mr Eazi up to? Fans Reacts (Photos) 

Question for the day...does anyone else feel like this at times? I hope that U have a good Tuesday being U … 

'Community Preference' Lawsuit at Center of Affordable Housing, Segregation Debates 

My uni friend took some really cute pictures of me today looks like I'll finally change my Facebook profile pic laid ease

only monsters could do this...Evil evil evil damned evil 

What? No guns?? Swedish government is insane! Only way to take down violence is with violence. 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Tillerson clashes with NATO allies on defense spending at Brussels meeting - The Washington Post 

You feel invincible because everything you do now furthers you... More for Cancer 

26 people followed me and 30 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

He's literally fucking the air 

Today I will say "Go Carolina!" in both Final Four games... but if we end up with a USC vs. UNC Championship,... 

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

I have 31 new followers from Nigeria, and more last week. See  

10 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 15 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you 

april 1st.............................2016.... the best day of my life.......... now a sad day.......

Manchester United chant new 'What a Night' lyrics to cope with their team #EuropaLeague #ManchesterUnited… 

The rich get richer while the middle class disappears into the black hole of time 

Mushin to mohits. Now wanted. What does Wizkid have? What does Tuface have ? Flavour? Omgggg I'm so fucking gassed

You're going after research funding with a fucking machete you #SanctimoniousCunt ! 

Federated Learning: Collaborative Machine Learning without Centralized Training Data 

VINTAGE 80'S WOOL MIX FUNKY GRANDAD CRAZY PATTERN FESTIVAL COSBY JUMPER SIZE MED 

"Mother are you going to go prom dress shppping w me tmrw?" -"idk" "Okay... wait! someone has to be there in order for me to have money!"

You do not get the knowledge of everything from books ... we have to learn some things ourselves..#islama and #Peace 

Man Utd get Griezmann warning: The Champions League is crucial  #football #afmobi

#tech #news #latest  Samsung and Visa working together to bring Samsung Pay…… 

Redhead stunner getting her ass fucked doggy style close up 

PET MEMORIAL Necklace If Love Could Have Saved You You Would Have Lived Forever  …  -

Utility bills can be confusing. Here's how to read and understand your power bill #CleanPowerSF 

Pop Gallery on Main St in #GloucesterMA brings the fashion and the fun:  

Palace manager Sam Allardyce says staying in the Premier League takes priority over offering the in-form Wilfried Zaha a new contract.

particularly frustrating because u know a big reason is to prevent homeless people from sleeping and resting which is fucked up !!!!!

I wish I could go home for the summer and do nothing but work and tan and swim and go to Giants games for free..

my nails look awful rn this acrylic rlly fucked my nails all ion

Cooking banana split  #banana #cooking #game #split -  

April prizes are here. Like 4 Escape Experience tix and more! Join now for chances to win. #Entry -… 

You might have plans for a peaceful day of rest and relaxation... More for Cancer 

A Sister's Love: When She's Cut I Bleed...and Cut Him! We May Never Know What Caused Solange to Release Her... 

my heart is fucking breaking and there's nothing I can do to fix it

22$ Class A+ EU size 1:1 Vetement skull Tshirt Please contact me freely if you like  

Kind of love how this story gives a backstory to Montanans' way of thinking,like it's a foreign country or something 

[Continuously updated] April Fools' Roundup: All the jokes from around the web 

y'all broke y'all mad y'all miserable and UNHAPPY... and bitch I can't sit on that bench w/ ya   

Shocker! You Are An Incompetent, Sick, And Confused President - APC Senators Blast Buhari As Meeting Ends In Blows - 

Bruh my boss forced me to smoke a blunt wit him and then tells me I can't chill and enjoy the high I gotta get back to work I'm high as shit  

Really needed to be Sasha and Bayley last in that match. Kind of felt like a filler, sadly. #WrestleMania

  MY FAVIE we have so much in common and its so interesting talking to u like its never boring i loove u

It's a shitty world where a young lass gets attacked on social media just for dressing like a cartoon character - g… 

like the good old days of twitter ! RANDOM COFFEE WITH AMAZING STRANGERS IN PARIS FTW !!!!!! 

10 simple time-saving tech tips to make you more productive in Business [ Video ]  #asiabiz #eubiz #ukbiz

Kultum in English After Sholat #englishcamp #englishcamp2017 #yoursuccesbeginshere… 

Trump and Egyptian President Sisi to Discuss Terrorism, Military Financing at White House 

Yeen even gotta have nun , niggas will still hate on you

I saw the Fox show, I hope your client feels better soon, she should know the emotional pain will pass and will mak… 

Correction: The Chicken Pot Pie Dinner is this Saturday, April 8th! You don't want to be a month late for this great meal ($10).

Not opening up again today. But on a happier note - one of our employees' promposal #nanabettes 

Definitely having another Paint and Sip in the fall ! It was a great turn out and mad cute   #BlueIce   

Jobs Numbers Come in Higher Once Again, Supporting Trump’s Policies... HOWEVER, Reporters used adjectives such as... 

When you hear about the dirt that I done you gon be so fucking hurt cause I'm the one

I used to be so introverted and now it's like fucking hell Cade stop talking

#fintech Australia Adds Female Fintech Leader of the Year Award to Upcoming Finnies #event  

R.I.P. Don Rickles, legendary comedian has died at 90 - Legendary comedian Don Rickles has died at the age of 9... 

In other news, my #booty is getting big and I couldn't be happier about it.   #gains #forreal #werk      

What Time and TV Channel Is the Yankees vs. Rays Game on Today?  

Hey any of you guys want to do a live Twitter mock draft a few days before the draft? Just something fun

PM Modi personally reviews progress of vital infrastructure projects in all sectors spread over several states #NewInfra4NewIndia

Nasty spanking domina hoe gets off 

Tori Black with tiny breasts and shaved bush has some time to get some pleasure in steamy interracial action 

Yesterday I was on BBC1 Money for Nothing, then BBC2 The Repair Shop. I'm So lucky, will what did you think of this… 

#ikariagram #Repost __maryblue__ ・・・ Walk ahead and i wiil always be by your side… 

thank you to everyone who has referred me and positive feedback I've had with my business. I appreciate it so much    #gladforkidrauhlimages

WWE is fucking up Lowkey cause I KNOWWWW they gonna follow up this trash performance with Reigns vs. Taker lmfaoo #Wrestlemania

Our generous #CCStudentAwards donors "fan the spark ignited by the promise of a Centennial education," says a "fore… 

Why did I think legs was the best work out to do the day before I wander detroit on foot all day?! #dead

#HipHop Everyone Agrees That Kendall Jenner's Tone-Deaf Pepsi Ad Is Terrible  #Rap 

Hey Mrsseals thanks for the follow!  #Philadelphia #Breakingnews #Breaking #Philly

In the team, he is in charge of rapping and sometime contributed in album making by his rap making ability. He is a member of Hip-Hop Unit.

Have you been following the controversy surrounding "The Shack" book and film? Is it ok, or is it heretical?... 

Holidaymaker to sue Thomson after he ended up in intensive care when excess chlorine was added to Tenerife hotel p 

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of the Pirate Empress Boa Hancock!  #TreCru 

take my own life few years ago... i really wanted to and it felt like it was my only option but today, i just feel lucky to still be here.

watching the original #ghostintheshell cuz fuck scarlett johansson i only know #atsukotanaka as #motokokusanagi 

Want to win Ultimate Shadowhunters Prize Pack? I just entered to win and you can too. 

I am proof that gay conversion therapy works, I haven't sucked dick in at least 48 hours. #Cowger2017

If anyone were to lay a finger on any of my friends or my boyfriend, you're getting FUCKED up.

this is why we have to give new teachers a chance rather than those old ass teachers w tenure 

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

Nasty whore takes a mouthful of cock 

This man came in to change his address and he just started venting , he found his wife cheating so his moving and he was like he gave her

People: what has your family taught you Me: Racism, ignorance, bigotry, know it allness, self centerness

 We can surround ourselves with language and emotional support. I can come from us or others. 

someone give me good conversation topics for a 9 year old girl because last time, i wound up talking about the weather and house fires.

Lmao little girls are dumb af going back to there dude knowing they fucked another bitch but if thats what you want  

#jobinterview Ultimate Guide To Job Interview Answers  

#hottest girls sex fucking movie clip 

When I'm doing good niggas wanna hate. That's why I only got myself. The rest don't give a f ck I grind for better not for the same result 

She Vanished Without Warning In 1850, Then Years Later Something Unique Happened! 

ugh i love my parents i just realized piqué is in this screenshot legends of finding ways to be together at all times

i can't make it to class on account of this FUCKING RAIN

Don't look for ideas to confirm your thinking, rather look for trends that will disrupt your thinking. - Rich Simmonds #quote

until the president does something illegal for impeachment, y'all need to get off his case because it won't do anything  

Its nt the pastor i want to address its the member. Please show me one i need to spiritual slap someone   to spir… 

If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for  and (L)earn  

Politics is the supreme religion for politicians, other religions are simply baits 

Arrgh this. I'm on threads that have been going on for months solely because I was added to answer a question and w… 

Desperate for answers, does anyone knows who's number this fucking is: +639151977216

Can use prunes in baking. Sub 1 stick butter w/ 1/2 stick butter + 1/2 C prune purée #SCANSymposium

Absolute joke of a performance, should've had 2 stone wall penalties but as per usual Mike Pawson is a blind prick

Although you may swing into action early in the day with high ... More for Sagittarius 

Mutha fucking owwwwwwwwww my damn ear hurts!!!            

Crepes and Waffles Parque de la 93 #CrepesYWaffles is #nowplaying Better Than Anything by #TuckandPatti #cubevenue

I only think about you until I fall asleep, in my dream, I only dream of you~ oh I wake up in the morning

Two Things That I Just Can't Respect. A Fuck Nigga And A Lying Ass Bitch!!!

VIDEO: At least 193 people are dead and about 200 injured after an overflow of water from a river in Colombia. 

Schoolgirl in training dress getting her buttocks fucked by man cum to ass on the couch movie 

The Reigning Champ x Ultra Boost and AlphaBounce drops April 7th  

Do y'all remember when people were losing their shit over that British YouTuber they thought was kidnapped. I still find that shit hilarious

I won at New York stage with 150 points! Challenge me now![ #Bowling_King 

I miss Abdeena. I think I'll save one of my wife slots for her. Would help my diversity figures if one of the four was black.

boyfriend: do you even know how old the people you rp with are? me: w-well im 18 and like... i think thats pretty old for rping so um

As much as i fucking hate Pristin's song... Jieqiong tho omg

Sebastiano was better with colour, Michelangelo was better at drawing. Together they made a great team:… 

Have you seen horses drinking water from puddles ladened with dung? See it now at C and L Stables in Goddard State Park in Rhode Island.

My boyfriend has all of his family on Facebook and the video he's just shared is fucking vile  

Airbase hit by US missiles ‘heavily involved’ in anti-ISIS campaign – relative of strike victim… 

Thu 05:00: Mostly Cloudy; Temp -2.2 C; Windchill -7; Wind NNE 12 km/h; Humidity 77%; Press 101.6 kPa / falling.

Like, I can appreciate if there's an issue with sitting super close to someone. But 30 out of 40 people is a stretch.

immmmm jjjjJJJjJJuuuststst,,,,,,, i need legacy of the duelist on steam aaghghghg i need all of my squad members to have it

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

$KOSK shipped a trial micro market to a Michigan-based water company w/ over a hundred years of operating history and corporate connections.

“Listen to advice and accept discipline, and at the end you will be counted among the wise. Many are the plans in …” 

my counselor when she makes us fill out those self reflection worksheets: what are some aspects of yourself that ne… 

Viet Nam Day in Moscow welcomes APEC Year 2017: Vietnamese students studying at the Moscow… 

60% of Americans believe MSM reports fake news – poll  

Jesus. How is Seth wrestling in Florida with the fucking flu?

Perception of the mind makes a world of difference! • • • • • #MindsetShiftology… 

Archive: Report: #Google and #Twitter Teaming Up For Their Own 'Instant #Article 

Rbi says Accepts All 103 Bids for 1351.77 Bln Rupees at Friday’s 3-Day Reverse Repo Auction 

Taliban Say They Will Focus on Vulnerable Provinces in 2017 |  

Shorties nowadays just want you to text 24/7, have you play with their hair, grab their booty, and let them have half of everything you get.

uhh cuz i was fucking hungry sorry we all dont eat grass u bitch 

there is no other anime site worse than this even the admins are dicks they even have a subscription lmao

damn I should've stopped smoking when I got there smh that was crazy ..

I took it more personal when a girl was talking shit about Khalid than I do when ppl talk shit about me #family #bloodisthickerthanwater

Remembering the great Percy Faith born this day back in 1908. Who remembers this big hit of his? 

Y12 To serve the people Mao Zedong thought shines around medal  

Made for the dirty dems !cracked pot andall ! 

"Guys, I think we broke time !" No kidding Sherlock, there's a fr** T-Rex in the middle of Los Angeles in 2017    #DCLegendsFinale #Awesome

Luxury Skincare from Anne Semonin Launches at Spa of Four Seasons Resort Mauritius at Anahita: Four Seasons Resort… 

Drake, French Montana and A Giant Blunt Were All Present For Belly's Birthday - HotNewHipHop 

This #job might be a great fit for you: Alternative Investment Solutions Fund Administrator, Associate 1 - 

I know it's sad but true, that the one thing I've learned from you is that here in the real world the boy don't always get the girl

I've listened to parents lament over children they lost due to a lack of basic medicines, food, and shelter.

This is literally genocide. I am so fucking disgusted with humanity. #Syria #PrayForSyria #ChemicalAttack

now i feel fucking bad for tweeting about the song and h

Men and women of full age, without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion, have the right to marry and to found a family.

I've been picking at the wall I've built up for years, becoming someone I don't know I wanna be, weaker and dependant.

I'm so excited and nervous at the same time , seeing the preview of Exo going to airport       

Seeing both sides of an argument is not a new dilemma for most... More for Libra 

Too Much Hotness janklaar2 HotSexyGals samarth_singh90 dannybr75976610 72_TG OjifTakaoka NudeArt6969 LBTBArt karlaclijster …

Mad as hell, can't find my damn ID can't get a fucking drink

"I can choose to let it define me, confine me, refine me, outshine me – or I can choose to… 

Pastor Caught On Video Having Sex With A Church Member (With Pictures)  

Always have something to say but back up what they talk about, you can't do that at all, either back it up or don't say nothing at all.

Trump officials depart from longstanding practice, deciding Americans don't need to know when troop go into hotspots 

Pro Tips For Instantly Improving Your Photography -  - #photography #tips 

#Fußball La Liga: Barcelona remain two points behind leaders Real Madrid with 4-1 rout of Granada (ESPN) 

4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Pro tip: What I do; what I have... What you perceive about me ... how is that your fucking business?

An exciting Gameweek 30    All the reports and reaction over at  by #premierleague via… 

Vintage 1977 Star Wars Luke Skywalker Farmboy Action Figure 100% COMPLETE Kenner 

Jets offered Nick Truesdell a contract receiver from the CFL I believe has 8 other contract offers lit up the vet c… 

I say all that to say this, make sure you are in a relationship with someone who understands you just as much as they love you.

You're an industry artist I'm an artist in the industry Me myself and I that's the holy fucking trinity

We stand together and as one, we will make the government fear the voters again. 

#Socialmedia #Smm #Reddit #Livebroadcasting What is a good email signature? r/socialmedia 

Pass this along if your heart urges you to do so. #IAmChoosingLove Prayers for this family in WVA..... Greg... 

Oh!! We are still at this!? Fucking YAY!!  #Bitwitter #Gaytwitter #Pantwitter 

Alisha Boe - so freaking cute - slayed the role as jessica davis - hilarious - underrated 

South Shore Discontinues Text Message Service Alerts #businesstextmessagingservice  

WHAT THE HELL IS THIS PISE ITS SO UGLY 

my two moods: x games modes and emo ass bitch who looks like evil kermit with her hood on

U.S. Strikes on Syria Put Xi in Tough Position for Trump Meeting - The New York Times 

Can't wait to see all the Lukaku haters faces when he leaves in the summer and we replace him with Troy fucking Deeney

The older I get the less I care about what people think of me. Therefore the older I get the more I enjoy life.

Like I didn't know men like this lived in my state let alone WANTED TO TALK TO ME I'm just so happy guys

33FT Garland Diamond Strand Acrylic Crystal Bead Curtain Wedding DIY Party Decor  

Any Henry takers to join our group? I swear both your future moms are to die for. #SNAFUAT #OUAT #OUATRP 

I hope Claire enjoys her last year in office. No way that bitch will ever win another election. 

The answer is yes I can fit 2 more people in this shirt therefor nobody will know I'm not wearing a bra

i asked my mom to take me to vegas to meet kylie and she said YES, buts it's the day before our party :((

After his Liverpool shocker, Manchester United fans KNEW Joel Robles would star against them #after #liverpool…… 

Bitches on this app so confused they dont know its possible to like more than one thing 

When Cristina actually puts her mind to doing an essay they turn out fire with hella credible sources and still gets a C but it don't matter

Thunder goal! Peter MacArthur with unassisted goal at 14:39 on wraparound after he stole puck from defenseman.

Together, together come on let's do this right We're all here And speaking out with one voice We're going to rock the house (yeah, yeah)

Now that he's stepped aside from the Russia investigation, I hope Devin Nunes steps in dogshit - constantly

After everything that #BryanBickell has been through, it is good to see him back with the #Hurricanes. #NHL

Donnie, you're really scratching ANYTHING to divert attention. She understands governance while you play with Linc… 

His hand upon my back {FMF: Finish} I have spent so many years looking ahead to the finish line while too often di 

They ain't even do nothing but grab a box they don't care they got a million of those 

❝As strange as it is, it is true for me. The only irritating matter for me is about the economy.. I don't have much… 

Go up to the hill country and bring back timber to build the temple. Then I will be pleased and honored,’ says the Lord. Haggai 1:8

College Twink Jazii Transformed to Girl and Fucked 

Let's all congratulate Gilbert High School Senior,Matthew, for signing with Columbia International University !    … 

This is really the greatest show ever I've never felt so many emotions in one episode #TheWalkingDead

Not to mention, it also defeats the purpose of why you deserved the recognition: from humble, good old fashion service to your patrons.

You feel invincible because everything you do now furthers you... More for Cancer 

3/ And he's a vaccine conspiracy theorist, who defended that stance in a nationally televised debate...

East Bay Times: Trump says US is ready to act alone on North Korea  

Does she have a fucking clue what she's in for? 

im listening to the og 5sos album and i'm getting really sad it reminds me of how easy life was back when i was stanning them

RUSH: You want talk about violating the rule of law? You want to talk about threatening the legal system of the Un…… 

Boredom is being content with your current situation in life. It's up to you to bring consciousness to the equation and remove boredom and do.

Found a Transponder Snail! For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!  #TreCru 

RIP Glenn O'Brien. Here's one of my favorite interviews with him and Andy Spade  #menswear 

Here Are The States With The Highest Property Taxes  #Börse #derTrader.at #trading

System Time:2017-04-08 - 01:10:03 JST Hostname:raspi Uptime:2 days 18:1 CPU Load:0.11,0.09,0.08 CPU Temp:52.62 MFree:248876 SFree:1914840

Oak Park C/O '17, Ja'Raymond Hall perparing for the Fall with the Michigan Wolverines #OakParkPride #IamOakPark 

 Fire damages two homes in Richmond's Oregon Hill; 'It looked like the gates of… 

I   for those lost their   ones in St. Petersburg in Russia.Mr Putin and Mr. Trump creating distractions.

Nigerian wife calls out her husband's mistress on Facebook (photos)  #News #viralphotos

I'm so sick of these "unwritten rules". If you don't want to be humiliated, play some fucking defense. #TheStarters #ImWithLance

My sister told her ex that she hopes he meets a bad bitch, fucks her, and then finds out it's the mom he never knew.

#Alpina Mens AL-710G4S6 Startimer Pilot Manufacture Analog Display Automatic Self Wind Black Watch #news… 

#wwe melina perez pussy nude girls fucked by nude boys 

Really enjoyed giving my talk at #llkd17 , thanks to the audience for contributing management tales!

Its no telling how long they've been planning this. How much money they have saved, no telling. 

i'm watching Sky High and y'all... Gwen was a senior and Will was a freshman... she was 4 years older than him what!!!

i spent 30 minutes not listening to music so my phone could charge only to find out it wasn't plugged in properly  

Slutty tattooed blonde honey Tricia jerking off a massive schlong  

When you are out of your fucking mind, but need money. 

Take me deeper than my feet could ever wander And my faith will be made stronger In the presence of my Savior

i hate when i see people windshields going separate ways instead of the same way. lol that shit ugly

phoned my gran to say happy bday and she was greeting cause were phoning her from holiday   UP THE KITTY

what the fuck even r these idiots doing HAHAHAHAHAHA 

How Veterans Turned Entrepreneurs Are Disrupting The Pentagon’s Weapons Program. 

Man D-Rose has the worst luck ever bro like that shit is really sad

Your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today, bringi... More for Virgo 

Why la am i even in this fucking position who tf signed up for this

‘Convert to Islam or face murder conviction’ – Pakistani prosecutor reportedly tells Christians 

But then I sit in a café, alone, on a rainy Friday night completing my work- which doesn't help my argument. 

If you can take an entire day without texting me i don't want your sorry ass don't even bother texting me cause I ain't texting back js :)

Trump senior adviser Jared Kushner travels to Iraq: official  

+“You scruffy grubby little rat! I am the Ronald Reagan of Arsetongue and I will lick anybody that doubts it.” #MakeWizardryGreatAgain

Naval Base: Pupitar  33.3% (3/7/5 - Rock Smash/Crunch - s:normal) til 11:14:02(25m 37s). 

Pat Hickman explores the passage of time, the inevitability of change, cycles and seasons:  

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

Carla and her friend fucked in a threesome 

Those Indecipherable Medical Bills? They’re One Reason Health Care Costs So Much. 

How can a premier league team capitulate in such a way. Ridiculous. Clement must answer this question. BLOODY angry now. See you at Fulham.

See What Enugu Governor Did For A Petty Trader That Made Her Burst Into Tears  

!Biggest Boy!! Jesse Lingard Steps Out In His New Customized Bentley Worth N91m (Photos) 

Chubby gays anal fucking Dylan Knight and Alexander Greene 

IF PD101 HURTS MY BOYS IM FUCKING FLYING OUT THERE AND THROWING FISTS

Animated Trey Gowdy Fighting Back The Tears! “I Will Make Them Come Testify” [VIDEO]  #tcot #tiot #ccot #ciot

And? Our destroyers are well protected and Russia knows it. No threat here 

HAPPY BDAY JAIME THANK U FOR ALSO BEING MY IN CAR PARTNER I LOVE U SO MUCH U R THE BEST HAPPY BDAY 

Work done for the week, Blackpool fucking come at us!    

Watching #AttackOnTitanSeason2 and I am reminded once again that this series IS REALLY, REALLY MORBID.  

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Cell Phone Holder, Pop-Tech Universal Magnetic ..." by Pop-Tech.  #giveaway

"Every employee has the right to have the facilities needed to perform their job function." 

promo yourself and social climb someones relationship so u get more fans so they can attack them duh 

A wild 91% Teddiursa [Lick/Cross Chop] has appeared! Despawns at 09:53:50pm! Time left: 24m 46s. 

BREAKING: One Of America's BIGGEST Companies Just Got BUSTED- Sexual Assault/ Violent Crimes- BOYCOTT NOW 

An elderly woman has been shot at a house in Monkstown  

Happy 90th birthday Peter Cundall. Irrepressible peace and environmental activist...  by… 

Ups really just blew my shit like why tf would you send my package back if you never even came to the address in the first place    ‍

Shoot down enemy Bombers from obsolete floatplane! HOLD BACK THE SUN  #WW2 #ASMSG #thriller 

Final countdown to MRDA Down Under. ThunderQuads are just 2 weeks away! SMASH! SMASH!… 

my mom and i have moved onto chicago fire bc she won't watch PD but i'm so sad bc i know shay dies but i'm in love w her

How do kids in your country spend the day? children spend theirs fetching water for their families #EndYemeSiege 

Last call Discount: IACFRIEND on website for $30 discount Location: 244 West 54th Street 6 weekly sessions begins Thursday, April 13th

Like who the hell am I anyway man!? Just some random nut job! Like I know man. Like I KNOW!

These smarks need to SHUT THE FUCK UP and let Roman Reigns talk. Stop being so disrespectful to the man. He is only doing his job #RAW

If I'm drunk and dancing like a weirdo in the club just don't even try to save me, I'm happy b. don't kill that vibe

GUNS don't kill people, but Planned Parenthood sure does! #2A #DefundPP #ArticleV #COSProject 

Females of all kinds are so beautiful and magical and deserve the world and a life full of happiness and abundance 

nigga I wish the fuck you would hit me so I could sue ya ugly ass   

sexi nude #girl fucking photo 

This shit made me sad af !!!     

I'm Glad My Bestfriend Is A Little Taller Than Me Because Im Usually The Tallest Out Of My Friends.  

Fucking dumbass he going be the reason we don't prosper in the playoffs 

Rafael Nadal had his best start of the season ever: is the glass half full?  

why did i even bother thinking it over you should've just fucking stanned his ass the moment you saw him jay you a… 

My my holy grail fragrance    Can't live without this scent    #산타마리아노벨라 #엔젤디피렌체 

Stop tweeting hate to Ashton. He's allowed to have a bad day or be in a bad mood. He can't have sunshine shooting out of his ass everyday.

If you're looking for work in NJ, check out this #job:  #Hiring #CareerArc 

Lol.. Efe is crying... May God bless those who stand firm for us, when we are at our low points in life #BBNaija

New post: Sources: Adrian Peterson leaves Patriots visit on Monday with no deal – ESPN 

“Fine.” Moving to let the dog into the backyard of the manor, Adam returned to the bottom of the ladder. “Now, please come down!”

Come to me in the night hours I will wait for you I'm over 400 years old, I don't need love. *sees Alec* I LIKE ONE BOY Alec is my future

AandB Conversations: #Pepsi FAIL Sorry Kendall #AandBConversations #KendallJenner 

5 ways Snyder's education budget differs from House, Senate plans #MichEd #Education  

Nails and corneas are the only two tissues in the body that do not receive oxygen from blood. #knowledge

Infectious disease transmission in fish, mammals, other animals has implications for humans  

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

flying stonechat #blog =  #birdsinflight #birdphotography #animalphotography… 

Trump faces test mixing Mar-a-Lago with difficult diplomacy - Politico  #ClashRoyaleHack 

i had a dream my mom let me keep a baby pit and i was so sad when i woke up and realized that would never happen

Vote for Ski Mask The Slump God for the 2017 #XXLFreshman #10thSpot Presented by #MAGNUMcondoms  #

why are people bringing this up now when he alr brought it up 2 years ago............ 

I been sick ass dog since lastnight dat 4 loko had me hurt

for you who want the road to singapore not to be confused looking for hotel check  ##airportHotelsinSingapore

Disgusting part is, females want these trash ass acidic pussies ate  

1 John 4:16 "God is love and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him"  

Paul Arkwright: British High Commissioner says corruption chasing investors from Nigeria  

Adapting 50mm F1.1 X-Ray Lens To Micro Four Thirds  #reddit #photonews #discussion

Drunk Woman Who Hit 3 Teens Is Suing The Victims' Parents. Guess Her Husband's Occupation 

i did that to myself i fucking spoiled myself and i did it to my fucking self im so mad

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

If you're blasting rock music in the showers at 8:45 in the morning, there's a 99% chance I want to fucking kill you

It's true, it's a true certified G from the Empire State testifying/ that YOU for that! #RAW 

Loving the buzz in startup ecosystem in India, lately. No insane valuation and valid business propositions. #startupsindia #india

Mara kitse ntse keo rata, why you mizing the positive and focusing on that 1 word?   

few clouds -> clear sky temperature up 8°C -> 10°C humidity down 92% -> 81% wind 5kmh -> 6kmh

BastardKeith: NeilOFortune THAT IS A KICKASS FUCKING NAME

Is The Tor Browser Fully Anonymous? (The Myth and Reality) -  #darknet 

What a day  I'm going to bed now bc I deserve a rest and so do you babes!! Goodnight im proud of harry  

#fat women fucking video photos of teenagers having sex 

Blessed is she who has Believed that #TheLord would fulfill His #Promise to her! Luke 1:45 #blessed b/c you believe He will do what He said

Fired Disney Workers Reveals The Weird Rules Of ‘The Happiest Place On Earth’.  >

Once you turn into a hoe, always a hoe. Crazy ass  

Fire Emblem Echoes details training, exploration, more characters -  has updated the Japanese official website for...

3Novices:Orlando nightclub shooting: Wife of Pulse shooter heads back to court  The wife of the Pulse Nightclub sho…

My cubical desk mate whatever you want to call it, Tit always has a fucking cold or cough I don't understand

Psychological reprogramming for rapid and permanent #weightloss results can NOW become reality 

God, how I want to feel the #cock inside yourself ! I learn here  

What difference does it make to injured and dead, whether the mad violence is wrought by name of totalitarianism or liberty or #democracy ?

He got hit in the neck by a pigeon, but it didn't stop him from enjoying the rest of the roller coaster. 

Lego KFC building instructions - MOC - + 1 Free gift instruction  

  She is a Queen  She is a Radio Host   She is a fan of all Music  She loves you for all your… 

theres enough planets in retrograde to cover all the bases so its a good time to #realize things and take it slow and grow retrogrades arent

※◔ 15 g PINK PEACH #CHANTERELLE Spawn #Cantharellus persicinus #Mushroom Mycelium  

Hey you jack wagon! A targeted strike against a specific base responsible for Chem attack. Would you prefer pizza a… 

Randy slut in nasty fuck scene 

She's a fucking moron I can't   

I circled around this stupid fucking place 3 times

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

 NIKE AIR MAX 1 ID WILL PREMIUM LEATHER DARK BROWN-GUM BROWN SZ 9.5 [918908-991] 

i had an article that took almost 20 days to go up bc she changed the pictorial and didn't ask me to change a few sentences.

The United States has filled its quota of killing people to fix nations (and mostly failing) ten times over. And yo… 

[TECH NEWS] Quarter of all U.S. homeowners own an IoT device, says Wink  #IoT #News… 

This Couple Fucking Like Pornstars 

Comedy Central Teases New Late-Night Series ‘The President Show’  

#MemphisGrizzlies #GoGrizz #GoGrizz Grizzlies look to halt skid as they host Knicks (The Associated Press) 

It's Friday and your boy just made some fucking commas bihhh!

I have blocked every news outlet but FOX NEWS and ask every else to do the same. 

Note different screens - Gallup adults vs. Rasmussen likely voters (skewed GOP). Convergence means something - perh… 

ChicagoBooth: Want to take your startup to the next level? You may want to consider hiring an executive coach: 

You would love to call it quits early in the day so you can le... More for Cancer 

girl friend was so fucked up after the party that i could do anything ! 

#Snakes are an important part of our ecosystems. When we are visiting their habitats, follow this advice to keep yo… 

You may lose your sense of purpose, only to uncover a more mea... More for Sagittarius 

They never really miss you when you leave them , they miss you when they see that you have moved on , became happy , and didn't look back.

'It Was A Black Friday:' Mosul Residents Recount Horrific Moment Blast Tore Through Their Neighborhood 

i really hate t*ye for having me listen to this ratchet ass music

Why are the speakers for this #gia17 session wearing goofy science T-shirts? Come find out in the Vieques room at 1… 

Attention all our Connacht members, today is the last day to register for our courses below. Please email our... 

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

Sitting in wrong positions, carrying too much weight, aging or injury - can wear and tear your cartilage, damaging... 

Federal #Judge #Hawaii extends his block on #Trump:   

IMF First China Foreign Currency Report Puts Reserves at $10.8Trln -  

2008 UD Exquisite Joe Flacco autograph auto patch rc #Rookie #D56/99 #170 *50001  #Football 

Can't fucking sleep , and I have to be up in 4 hours

You might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie... More for Cancer 

#marijuana #cannabis Legalize It, Regulate It, Tax It!  Follow Us on Tw 

LIKE THEY STILL BULLY EACH OTHER but they're friends tbh!!!!!! but in the beginning they legit don't like each other at all it's great

Holding On To You - twenty one pilots ( Official Instrumental with Backing vocals) 

Omg! Thank u for this tweet. I'm not aware that tomorrow is April first. I'll be ready  

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive Profile: Those who follow their dreams!  #TreCru 

#tanned caracas #rochester fucking #cocksucking salsa -->  

Is this love, is this love, is this love Is this love that I'm feelling'? Is this love, is this love, is this... 

so that was like the coolest thing ever, the orchestra played along with the movie on the screen and it was incredible !!

My fucking nerves bad , I can't even say fuck it I don't care

One day I'll learn to take a dip before pouring hydraulic fluid. Not after when it's all over my hands

QUOTE: "There's nothing more you can do unless and unless, if you can move on by thinking your last love life also been a story like an anc…

The cause was a small thing. Breeding action is taken. It is repeated every night. Ah.... take this. 【CAUSE】Dメロ

The American public deserves answers. Sign now and tell Sec. Mattis to brief Congress on Trump’s war plans. 

and i just hated myself for editing this. i suddenly miss junhyeok ;-; pls forgive me 

Bet365 Betfair telephone Bet365 ￡200 welcome bonus  #williamhill #freeplay 

You're on a roll today and everything you encounter seems to a... More for Leo 

Join me at my 64 International Exhibition for the Aychak Man at the Pavia Contemporary International Art Forum-... 

Cat missing for 2 years returns home after Facebook post  

Gilles Kepel believes extremists are inciting civil war in France. The jihadists have made him a target. 

Reaching a comfortable #retirement is part of a greater financial-planning mission  via… 

OMG you guys! Don't even google something if you're not an architect or a skyscraper! 

i'm so done with dinosaur jokes I'M A FUCKING ARCHAEOLOGIST NOT A PALEONTOLOGIST 

Ummm Bounty was the First twist of Season 3.0 Calley went and Annette got the first ever LoS because of it. #Sequester

#NewsAlert: Markets close at record highs; Sensex rises 64.02 pts to 29,974.24, Nifty up 27.30 pts at 9,265.15.

Waiting to get released from the emergency room ran test nothing show up but they know something wrong need go see a specialist

this is the cutest fucking thing ever punch me in the throat 

I won't be going out of town with nobody ion plan on fucking

Brand new .forsale #domains added on 04/08/17 w/ +20 #domains  

Gardening fun. Indoor and outdoor education is an absolute must! As our little stars are growing, so are the plants t… 

It’s Unfair To Say Comedians Are Unserious People – Helen Paul  

#CoCN2017 Extending the discussion on #digitalequity to supporting all learners with agile management, today at 3:1… 

Get set for an unexpected twist as Gang leaders kick start the Roadies journey 

one person followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Just so u know ur my favourite person and I love you — Omg this made me smile so so much thank you bunches 

What are some sex fantasies you have — fucking you 

THIS IS THE PLOT OF PASSOVER U IDIOT 

bts' variety sense lies in their success of having 7 members who All regularly embarrass themselves on camera with no shame

never underestimate the importance of a comfy office chair. especially if you're gonna be parking your ass there for hours :|

Never take love lightly. There's people out here who will hurt you, but there's also those who will make mistakes but right their wrongs.

I'm going to take a shot every time Barkley pronounces #Gonzaga wrong... and I'm drunk... #UnitedWeZag #FinalFour #marchmadness

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Mitch McConnell needs to go back to wherever he came from years ago. I can't take the turtle 

OKAY I'M A HARDCORE JIN STAN WHY TAEHYUNG BEING A BIAS WRECKER LIL BUDDY NEEDS TO STOP MAKING MY HEART HURT

These celebrities are humans y'all gotta chill. What ole girl said was fucked up and she needs to mind hers. Like who raised y'all ?

i either text back after a decent amount of time, or unacceptably way later. there is few and far between. sorry..

Today's quote of the day comes from my recently-released Judge Willa Carson mystery, False Justice. 

20 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

This made me smile this morning! How are you getting your good fats today?      #avocado… 

Been waiting to release all this anger out!! OML I'm gone send a bitch to the hospital

YOU FUCKING EXPOSED ME BICTH 

dozens of people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

TWINS ML (1)    SEVILLA UN 4 (1)    HULL CITY ML (1)    Real Madrid -1 to finish off the early card.

I understand that people come into this country illegally and they are breaking laws but to label humans "illegals" is just fucking hateful.

It's Thursday! It's Thursday! Almost Friday, friends ... join us from 4:30 a.m. - 7 ! 

Immersive Mario-Themed Bar Will Warp You Straight Into the Mushroom Kingdom  

Iii fukkinngg hate him he wanted attention and he's so fucking selfish 

Two hours, a bottle of wine and nothing. Not a word or note. Ah well, that's just how it is sometimes. The wine was nice though.

Zaha is so underrated man. I'd take him at Liverpool in a heartbeat. But most Liverpool wouldn't cos he plays for Palace.

NOPE WE HAVE TROOPS ON THE GROUND THERE ! POTUS KNEW WHAT WAS WHAT ! NUFF SAID 

Right now all I'm focused on is getting my shit together so when the right girl comes I'll be ready to start a life and family 

Blunder-Truss could lose job  Hers was a  republic appointment: evidencing current Tory disregard for rule of law.

Alec Baldwin: LYING About Sex Scene With Underage Nikki Reed?!  via #enews24ghanta 

Hear Selena Gomez, Charli XCX, And More Cover Your Favorite Backstreet Boys Songs 

Have a Kuerig now, and I wanna buy all these cool flavored kcups, but I'm broke and I can't and it's sad.

See our latest #Fayetteville, NC #job and click to apply: Inbound Technical Support - Call Center -  #KellyJobs

What is so marvelous about living today is that it is possible to extend, like a flower, spreading petals in all directions. Carolyn Kizer

Gonna shave my head and tattoo Cthulhu on my fucking scalp

Social networking sites use 'echo chambers' for targeted advertising, choosing profit over truth #fakenews #EPlenary 

There comes a point where you have to realize that you'll never be good enough for some people, but that's not your problem.

#RailaPlanningChaos is the only thing he's good at. You can't be a judge and a respondent at the same time. Choose one!

I know what happened on 85 today  they tried to hit a Brinks truck and fucked up fuckin wit ghost he dun gave dem folks da wrong blueprint.  

You want the ability to be free from other people's demands to... More for Aquarius 

Filthy Cocksucking Compilation HD 

I just entered a Prize Giveaway! - Steampunk Sunglasses x 2 on   #win #Fishbowlprizes

You distract me from the mire of my thoughts. I ass... — What do you like about me 

NYT takes on North Carolina’s 'bait-and-switch' repeal of the HB2 'bathroom bill' 

know those dudes who clearly don’t finish reading an article before dropping a hot take in the comments? that’s literally all of american FP

Those odds are silly. Whatever you think of the fight, those are good odds for Petrov -- not that I bet on boxing. 

“Jumping a ghost’s bones hadn’t been on her bucket list.” #NovelLines Haunting of Hotel LaBelle  #APromoPal GR8 Read

#tbt Freshman year of high school     o lord. At least I improved from my 8th grade yearbook pics #wtf… 

You may lose your sense of purpose, only to uncover a more mea... More for Sagittarius 

Muslims believe that #Quran is the most important miracle of Muhammad #ep3_MandS 

The Griffins headed down south to Florida during spring break. Read more by Editor-in-Chief Christian Strong:… 

Have You Enrolled in the Authority Hacker Webinar Yet? "---------------------------------------------------------- 

FAB FREEBIE! Get a sample of L'Oreal Hydra Genius Liquid Care Moisturizer! ►►  

Nasty whore girlie POV condom fuck with blow suck swallow 

I hate when females say they weird just because a nigga say he like weird girls. Bitch no you not. You just like everybody else  

Can #Bodegraven in the #Netherlands help distracted #pedestrians by putting traffic lights in the sidewalks?… 

I FUCKING LOVE THE WAY AL LOT OF YOUTUBERS ARW IN MY COUNTRY AND MY PARENTS DONT ALLOWE ME TO.GO TO AMSTERDAM TO FIND THEM

And if the Pats lose Butler this offseason then this would be a genius move    #PatsNation 

Somebody, Push me on a dick, please ! I learn here  

bittymoonbear: loveandddrevenge: are tea bombs the new thing I really hope so 

I'm just really want to see how Liv reacts when she finds out what Abby did. #Scandal 

Whoever does that is an idiot 

#EstatePlan A trustee manages a trust for the benefit of one or more trust beneficiaries. 

i agree that people of this generation from first world countries are a bunch of whining ass ungrateful little bitches. sit down lmao

5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Idk man who am I    I just wanna die    so damn tried if life #sick #lifesucks

Cambridge Latin Course Unit 1 Stage 8 - University of Cambridge School Classics Project  

#Nigeria #news - RE: Bishop Mike Okonkwo officiates at The Sun 13th Thanksgiving 

There's Still Time to Get in Shape Before #2017: How long does it really take? #fitfam | 

Forget unfollowers, I believe in growing. 3 new followers in the last week! Stats via 

SICK and SAD ... Amazon for Sale Who Needs Tits With An Ass Like This Slogan Girls T-shirt 12+ yrs 

WHO IS AWAKE? CLICK ON THAT MOTHER FUCKING LIKE BUTTON!

Softball. Jenner Named Mountain West Player Of The Week  #SJSUSpartans 

Webcam video of gym buddies fucking 

I'm trying to watch Netflix and my coworker keeps fucking talking to me like dude shut up!!!!!!

hm i was gonna buy a beer for tonight since its WEEKEND!!!! but then i spotted a parent from work in the store and i just.. ok.. maybe not

My mind throughout the Jackson show: "They look ridiculously good and why is no one eating the pizza great im starvin… 

Movie "Miss You Already" not advised if you watched a loved one or friend battle breast cancer...so many tears last night.

Camila looks so different and more confident with this hairstyle omg I feel like she's gonna start putting her middle finger up in pics

Web Chef Kimberly Turner from  shares with you How to Cook Black Oyster Mushroom and... 

Bitches be having bad attitudes and not even bad  

S Korean cargo ship Stella Daisy vanishes in South Atlantic  

Grid and Nongrid Cells in Medial Entorhinal Cortex Represent Spatial Location and Environmental Features with Complementary Coding Schemes.

• Clear pee. • When strangers ask you do you workout. • Attracting fine men/women. • Builds positive mental and emotional health

We've got some cracking jobs! Take a look online at  #easter #jobhunt #wild 

But please, keep telling me about Game of Thrones and Breaking Bad...and how you're obsessed and can't stop watching. #YouKnowItsFakeTooRight

the life of the mother is a life you numb cunt 

Enjoying a spot of English Afternoon Tea is such a perfectly relaxing way to spend time with loved ones >… 

B2: Jones gets out of a bases loaded jamb by rolling a 6-4-3 double play to end the threat, Flo leads 1-0

Often we get so wrapped up in our own problems and situations we forget to check on the ones we confide in we forget that other can hurt too

HumpLinks: Angels get in the win column. Shoemaker sparkles ass defense looks dull Espinosa homer rallies a win. 

Tax Season is here, so read more about: " Federal Income Tax and Divorce."  #divorce #taxes

How to be Aware of Soil Contamination When Installing Soil Borings  

It's sick as fuck u fasho gotta come thru 

#LessValuesMoreDegrees - RT BilalRafiq07: #LessValuesMoreDegrees “Our life stories are largely constructed and without mindfulness can prov…

#LittyPalooza is back    Saturday April 29th   Foam Glow Sticks•Alcohol Gummy bears•3levels, 4 djs     9

Found a Transponder Snail! Oars comes back as a henchman of Moria?!  #TreCru 

Final: Diamondbacks 7 Indians 3. WP: ARI S Miller (1-0) LP: CLE J Tomlin (0-1) (ESPN) 

Senator Warren was literally on the floor ten seconds ago, speaking out against H.J.Res. 43. Your calls DO matter,… 

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

Im barely on episode 8 and damn I do not want to finish the rest of the episodes knowing there's nothing after  #13reasonswhy

Blog Post » Autism Awareness Month: Genes and Development in Autism Spectrum Disorder 

#nude shows free videos no credit card needed nude girls huge boobs wet pussy 

bitches mad over sum that's not theirs grow up sis  

Anyway. It's not that I think it's a legitimate argument, right. Because it's not. It's just a good tool to dismantle activists with.

When you love someone you pray that they will change but you soon accept they will always be the same

I can feel it now: I'm not going to be able to walk tomorrow, or the rest of the week, because of hockey practise.    

leftsidestoryUS: [US] Bradbury-Sullivan LGBT Community Center announces emergency response plan  #LGBT

BdB asked re possibility of city legislation for legal defense funds. Not much to say. Our new story on the subject: 

Justice for about 80 cats victims of cruelty in France, some of them were beheaded! Plz sign:… 

and watch what you say to others. Everyone is not strong... even if they are strong watch what you say

How the hell does Buca do Beppo have our address AND know when my birthday is?! #Gross #NoIDontWantYourFreeCake #BucaDiBarfo

Get a Nigga who still look out for you even when he mad  

And tonight's menu #organic roasted veggies, grilled asparagus and Brussels sprouts, salad, fresh #sourdough... 

This nigga is really fucking around   ‍ 

My boss is so fucking picky I want to slap him with this sheet of paper

It's fucked when I'm angry I'll literally go all guns blazing but if I'm upset you won't even get a word out of me

Hindustani classical vocalist Kishori Amonkar passes away at 84, funeral at Shivaji Park today 

"If you want to end up as titan feces, i won't stop you. But do endangered your comrades!"-Levi Ackerman,Shingeki No Kyojin

Mother in law makes friend's daughter squirt and come on daddy xxx The: #teenporn Mother in law makes friend's…… 

Twinks Sucking And Fucking 

#8: Inkovy Full sleeve Men’s cotton Hooded T-shirt: Inkovy Full sleeve Men’s cotton Hooded T-shirt…  #FabOffers

#FireKushneri don't like Trump but damn his base is bloodthirsty if they expect him to fire his daughter and her husband

Tôi đã thích video  Bad Baby crying and Finger Family | Learn Color With Garden Kids TV - Finger Family

Brutal #Anal #Orgasm makes her pussy flow  #Sex #Porn 

Simple Interior Design For Living Room In India -   

Former Lawmakers Favor Independent Commission To Probe Russian Election Meddling 

Lol damn I wouldn't have even said ATL I woulda said smart guy or Jackson 5 movie if I ain't know who that was   

Won't be covered anymore Birth Control covered Questionable if any Medications will be covered. No Substance Abuse or Mental Healthcare #6

Hey Castle Hill Farm thanks for the follow! Please do not hesitate to reach out for any questions or to talk chicks!

Pair of geese fly over Baum Stadium. White kids throughout the crowd ensue to fake shotgun them down.

her suit was built by BIRD ALIENS, you fucking idiots men my ass 

The only thing he thought while walking toward the cart is "ok I wanna seat beside baekhyun"    but then hm

I'm bout to make a list of stupid ass fake ass people in the community.

Severe Thunderstorm Warning including Carthage TN, South Carthage TN, Gordonsville TN until 5:00 PM CDT 

me writing les mis: how do i explain the french names me writing kylux: how can i make these french instead of GALACTIC EDGELORD

Anyone who chooses to argue with you after you have gone out of your way to help them, simply proves your point.

Tribune: Put the hurt on distracted drivers: Current penalties are too light to discourage… 

#Arrieta and #Wainwright both looked sharp in their H2H in what should be one of the more difficult match ups this year for both of them

Anyone else a member of the LRR HOA Facebook page? I like to keep up w what's going on in the neighborhood but not enough drama on the page

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

Celebrating the virtue of Love in April by showing in word and deed. #unconditional #rootofallvirtues 

#NowPlaying rivers of babylon - carlene davis Total Praise Fm - Listen and feel the Praise 

Everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today, but you k... More for Cancer 

Laguna Sturdy Plastic Square Planting Basket, 8-1/3-Inch  

To think that I thought he was the sweetest guy ever, but he's actully just a sick dick

A special #DIHWorkshop tip: screw holes can be hidden with wood filler to make painting smoother. Try it out! #حياتك53

Congrats to #TCU.. 2017 NIT Champs! What a year Jamie Dixon's squad... Could be even better next year! Everyone should be back!

No mystery at all. Insider trading on information he could manipulate...and did! 

I want to make a Mastodon/ Clutch kinda jam bamd so fucking bad.

TV Derana receives Silver Play Button; Most popular Media Network on YouTube 

Thought yesterday was one of Clyne's best performances for Liverpool. So unlucky not to score a screamer and assist another.

I like bad bitches that like bad bitches too,andand I like hood niggas with a bad attitude >>>

Red London: Deal Close: Arsenal set for talks to agree multi-player deal, Wenger’s first m... 

Start ur morning with this great news..It's wonderful ! 3M+ views of #Aladdin on youtube.. Looking for more..… 

I am allowed to feel strongly that I cannot be roommates thrivingly with my parents. I am allowed to want to gtfo.

||: Gonna keep banning these spam bot accounts. Twitter need to remove these fucking things. 

Utah Jazz notes: Trey Lyles' father performs national anthem prior to Jazz-Wolves game 

I HOPE RAMON FUCKING GETS A HEART ATTACK WHILE HE WATCHES MYLENE PERFORM

Understanding is what we all definitely need, few may come close, yet no one does really fathom one’s issues like oneself; dilemma goes on  

ATTENTION EVERYONE IF YOU NAME YOURSELF "MELLERYELLER" ON ANY SOCIAL MEDIA, YOU ALREADY HAVE AN 80% CHANCE OF HAVING MENTAL PROBLEMS thx

This bitch daija annoying as fuck ...omn i be wanting to punch her head off

#witten #lesbian sex #snowbunny #forum boxinggirl #london #burlington fucking #zwolle 

Stay tuned for the Hyper Evil Live set coming soon at a venue near you.  

This morning: a young boy is recovering after being shot in the back in #Roxbury. Police searching for suspects.… 

SORRY TO INTERRUPT BUT I AM CARRYING THIS SODA AROUND JUST IN CASE THE WORLD WILL END IF IT TOUCHES ANYTHING BESIDES MY HAND

not to be an edgelord, but I fucking hate people, they're filth, garbage, worse than animals, whatever else

Don Rickles was a funny fu**er. He would appreciate that comment. #RIP. Remember vividly my dad belly laughing at the dude.

Baltimore hottie has a bad boy she fucks on cam 

jenseh hasn't commented yet. for sake of accurate reporting we can now confirm lack of comment is a confirmation comment that he does feel

Liqour be having my stomach fucked up. Well brown liq.

+ everyone says pregnancy should be planned and that's cool and all but if I planned for a child, that child would never come lol

Hot teen slut finder. Fuck a teen hottie in your area today  

have i ever mentioned how much i fucking HATE my sister

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! Click,don't be shy-  

[ 'Amnesia' IoT botnet feasts on year-old unpatched vulnerability 

rigorously stirring her cookie with his fingers untill shes all sopping juicy with bliss 

Of all the people to share their thoughts on the Gorsuch nomination, I sure didn’t have Cher on that list… #SCOTUS 

What the shit City girl shocked to see how little cafes there are How it's not super trendy No Starbucks Every1 not… 

I'm mad they killed Ramsay aka sexy ass Trevante Rhodes off the show for Kelly ugly ass storyline   #ILYIW

We're back underway at the OPEL ARENA! Let's have some goals in the second half, lads. (46') #M05RBL 0-0

Currencies: Euro, dollar weaker against yen as investors shy away from riskier assets 

Just in! The Story of JFK - $14. #badmadge #badmadgeandcompany #shoplocal #shopsmall… 

  Sumptuous King Saturday This period of silence is in observance and honor of those who have left the... 

The big dawg and I are excited to see what our incoming freshman will bring to campus this coming fall   Congratul… 

Look at these grandads slandering my name. Still trapped in the days of Figo and things 

A happy and a blessed Wednesday morning to all of us ! God Bless us all always... keep safe ADN ! #ALDUBxDTBYSabotahe

#WednesdayWisdom If social media is not driving sales, then doing the same as you've always done is not a winning strategy #ripitup

evankirstel: RT 3DPointerra: 10 #MachineLearning Algorithms every #DataScientist should know … 

I've watched say yes to the dress so much, when I get married I have to get my dress at Kleinfeld lol

No! Be afraid. Be very afraid Dem steal, kill, ill, and na chill Hurricane da com, blow All dem Rosses away fi goo… 

--would be over momentarily to start work. I walked through the kitchen noticing a small, shiny tube of lippy on the ground. I bent to --

#amature fucking peeing while fucking latina porn star names 

my nigga simba went from bad mon to battybwoy. what world is this??

Mariah Santa Ana and Leslie Romero each have three hits and drive in three runs in Salinas' 20-1 win over Alvarez.

Dad's mad bc I'm not doing my makeup today but he's wearing jeans and a Rolling Stones t-shirt. Fucking gender stardars.

hi last night 2 kitties went to me n I meowed and they meowed back. I gave them chicken 

I hate that headass bitch *********** i hope she rots in hell

Student Girl Says Her Boyfriend Doesn’t Mind Her Dating Wealthy Sugar Daddies 

Michael Flynn in 2016: "When you are given immunity, that means that you have probably committed a crime."… 

goodnight i hope lea has a good night/day i love her and my ults so much bye 

cant even make it cos i cant verify my fucking phone number  

Kandi SLAMS Nemesis Porsha In Nastiest ‘RHOA’ Reunion EVER - It’s been months since Porsha Williams accused her... 

Science students, we know you're done with dengkil. But don't be done with your morals la 

Can someone tell What advantage Kenya would gain by having our controversial External Affairs CS Amina Muhammed as AU Chair?

12 people followed me and 10 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

accidentally left my new phone in the washroom and went back but it wasn't there. someone already took it to the library front desk..

How wearable heart-rate monitors work, and which is best for you #tech  

Westerners would parrot the #bana style fake "news" and consent to every crime. 

THAT IS NOT MY FUCKING SON 

Men who use their cell phones very often are more likely to have a hard time sleeping at night and may experience symptoms of depression.

Here we have a senior member of  and a former Obama campaign staffer promoting Tariq Nasheed… 

Generating a Bunch Of "Internet Noise" Isn't Going to Hide Your Browsing Habits  

Please gather all your friends that are defending you I want to fight all of you guys 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#RT #BlackMen Protect our #BlackQueenMothers thats our 1 dam job thats assigned to us...Why we not doing this...Sha… 

Adriana Milano amateur brunette with big natural tits masturbating in the park 

OK SO SO FAR IM IN THE CLEAR FOR SEEING NSP BUT I JUST NEED TO TELL MY MOM AND GET SOME DATES STRAIGHT

As an enforcer of international law the UN is useless. A lot of blowhard hyperbole with what for actions? #wednesdaywisdom

Human bodies are weird. You can get cut super deep without causing any serious or even permanent injury but falling out of bed can kill you

I want a woman with ambition. Wanna be able to lay back smoke a blunt and talk about something meaning full or get this money  

#SocaMadhouse   O2 Academy Islington, London   3O.O4.17      Birthday Bookings Available 

It's bizarre that 45 would go this route (...again). It's almost as if he didn't learn from making wild charges w/n… 

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

Best Bet – Salomon Men’s XA Pro 3D M+ Trail Running Shoe,Swamp/Dark Titanium/Seaweed…  

Thales Love Seat SM6208-LV $470 Description: The low back of this traditional style love seat create 

Ara Institute of Canterbury: Electrical Tutor (Christchurch, Canterbury, New Zealand) 

1d: 1040 -> 1023 -2% 1w: 894 -> 1023 14% 1m: 1191 -> 1023 -14% 1y: 397 -> 1023 158% 

Get used to it. #ShortDropSuddenStop Let me tell you, those tickets are going to be pricey... 

#for girls porn stepmom and son fucking 

The best movies on Netflix: great films you can watch in Australia right now  

Your kids need you more as parent Not only toys! So be there emotionally, physically and financially.

Julie Clark and her T-34 Mentor reaching for the moon Saturday. #julieclarkairshows… 

San Diego: Chansey 42.2%IV [10/6/3/tiny | Zen Headbutt/Hyper Beam]. TTH: 11:41:30pm [29m 42s] 

Sex slave bound and immobilized spanking and pussy ass fucking in bondage sex 

Today is #WorldHealthDay-check out our #depression related content here:  incl our podcast:… 

KEYES - L298N V3 4DC 2 / 3 / 4 Phase Stepper Motor / #WiFi #Car Drive #Board, only $10.06  

im not leaving my boring ass house to go sit inside of someone elses house.

What's up Everyone! Here is the new mix for April 2017. Also come out this Sunday April 2nd to Brix in Oakland. 

Was all ready to laugh off Jamiroquai’s return, but must say the 3 tracks I’ve heard are really, really good.

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

You got me fucked up "ayyye no tell them u saw me yeah"   

So #RCB need 208 to win. On a hard pitch like this an extra spinner would have helped. Quite easy to smash a pacer on this strip #IPL

Nothing is more beautiful than falling in love with a character you made yourself.   #LifeOfAHopelessWriter

Ikoyi-Lekki clean-up: Lagos reads riot act to Mammy market’s stall owners  

>When your parents think you are depressed because you are in a bad mood and fall asleep in church My parents are fucking retards

i want josh dun and tyler joseph cuddling and singing to me until i fall asleep everything is fucking messed up i need a damn REST

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

Dotfiles might be the most important files on your machine and I hope it helps you as much as it helps me!… 

My hustle and flow is different, don't try to compare, I do things this way cause it works for ME  

This fucking guy with his capricious malevolence #TheWalkingDead

Remember The Promise Mia Khalifa Made About Donald Trump's Victory? She Kept Her Word! 

I WANNA FUCKING KILL MYSELF 

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

Hawaii Judge Puts Trump’s Refugee Order On Hold Indefinitely via Geller Report - The people ... 

i don't want to go to fucking school tomorrow i h8 responsibilities :(

so lucky to get to spend time with dr.mamacita in boston and have such a generous and gorgeous… 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

I just published “7 Asset Allocation skills that you can do now to maximize your future” 

I'm pretty freaking psyched that I'll be live with Werner freaking Herzog in just a few 

When you think not having 10 years of experience = no experience but tweet anyway. 

God told me I could be confident since I dropped that Cuban dictator named FIDEL CASTRO BY SMOKING A CUBAN CIGAR THAT WAS GIVEN TO ME BY

Joe Mixon is visiting #Buccaneers in the light of uncertainty around Doug Martin 

Underpaid, Overworked, And Completely Fucked   

For Trump, Mar-a-Lago is place to break the ice with China's Xi By Steve Holland WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has to…

Sebastian Volupt Professional Volume Boosting Shampoo 8.45 oz (2 pack)  

UPS joins rival shipping companies in delivering Chicago packages on Saturday  

Sports world listening to alibaba president Evans and understanding just why their new Olympic strategic partnership is a total game changer

Nothing pisses me off more than people talking politics when they don't know their factual information!!!

I think it's your responsibility to introduce your guest to your family. It is extremely uncomfortable and weird to… 

Canadian Hotel Occupancy Up 10.2 Percent to 60.7 Percent For Week Ending 25 March 2017  #HotelTrends #STR

Ariel Winter Appears In Skimpy Lingerie-Style After Sharing Sexy Thong Bikini 

When you say you love me, know I love you more . And when you say you need me, know I need you more

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

In March we heard from outstanding Guatemalan women.The month concludes but our commitment to women continues.… 

Pamela Anderson defends Julian Assange: She insists in interview that her friend is simply misunderstood 

jesus fucking christ labour 

Yes, A difficult decision but technically wise in the light of North Korea testing long range nuclear ballistics an… 

Pakistani Designer #Sherwani #Suits and Indian Achkan #Outfits Only $199  #ThursdayThoughts 

Taser rebrands as Axon and offers free body cameras to any police department 

Don't tell me how I should start living for the Lord and you out here fucking and sucking too.

Would be nice to know if this is true. But if so, don't tell Brian Williams. 

A bunch of wild flowers for the Spring and for you! Good night have colorful dreams! #avedouda… 

Y'all can interpret tf outta 13 Reasons, but y'all still failing your English class... 

Wish more people would have a ruck after ice on the weekend.. man gets a free lift home in a police van from it   

Bitchy latina mouth fucking phallus 

I deserve a yoga retreat in Thailand with a young male gentleman called named George( pronounced HOR-HEY) feeding me grapes.

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

Oh, I. Ah. Well. about 6 or 7 originals. Pages of things I've written. Disappeared again. Got yelled at for 15 minutes for Bringing it up.

Thursday night is Steak Night! Get a NY Strip Steak prepared in a sauce of your choice for $18.99 and we have... 

Azealia Banks: Supports Trump, generally problematiqué me: WHATCHA GON' DO WHEN I APPEAR WHEN I PREMIERE 

it's too fucking lit. another fire ass song. ITS FUCKING LIT.           

* Fm Radio station are seeking top notch hip hop and randb tracks to spin Submit to 

Y'all make sure to stop by our Conservation Village! Planting sea oats helps keep our beach beautiful + healthy!… 

There's Actually a Good Reason Today Is National Beer Day #NationalBeerDay #NationalBeerDay  #nationalbeerday

One of the best explanations of why sugar can kill you and how trying to avoid it is difficult because if shaming... 

Lately my anger and frustration with the devil has been slowly increasing within me. I am bothered by things I... 

#Berkeley #California Apr 03 22:53 Temperature 55°F cloudless Wind W 11 km/h Humidity 75% .. 

GET MURDERED YOU FUCKING CUNT 

1 in 3 Canadians with mental health isseus or addiciton will have contact with police. Watch #KeepingCanadaSafe:… 

Harry sleeping contentedly after he already has made the world erupts into frenzy 

Then make your way over to It'll Do for SOULJah, System, Left/Right, and the infamous FLAVA D   … 

This song is so fucking chill ♫ 

ACLU concerned while federal prosecutors, Portland officials unclear about AG's memo on police reform pacts – O 

Can't wait to go to the beach at the weekend and then get fucked up with Sal

everything here is too pretty to eat. soy yogurt flapjack with pomegranate and crushed… 

1. I'm not even enrolled this year 2. I never really follow these type of pages how did they find me 

Massachusetts investigators looking to identify young woman's remains  

Carmelo Anthony is way better than McGrady yet when melo makes it to the hall he will get booed while mcgrady gets cheers sad world

10 ways to use Skype in the classroom  #edtech #steam 

Congratulations to Otunba Segun Runsewe, former, DG, NTDC, on your appointment as the director general National Cou… 

Protests in Ramallah, Istanbul, Halabja, Jarablus against Assad government forces'suspected chemical gas attack in… 

Fuck him. Fuck people that voted for him. Fuck people who still support him and especially fuck anyone that has ever defended him

VINTAGE MOD SUSIE SAD EYES SOUL SISTER BLACK DOLL PRE BLYTHE / KEANE  

1 amazing follower in the last day and there will be more tomorrow. Growing with 

#TrueStoriesThatInspireYou My inspiration of my life is my dad because he helps us to survive in the World StarMoviesIndia

#NBA Wire: 2017 Women's National Championship: How to watch Mississippi State vs. South…  

So true on many levels, not treating farming as a business. 5 Mistakes Can Kill Your Small Farm… 

Dear everyone, Don't park block me in unless you wanna get hit not this time but surly next 

hmm which part of "I'd bomb the shit out of them" and "You have to take out their families" does not signify interv… 

i lost my $500 pair of glasses so basically i fucking hate myself   ‍

Breakfast before going to class.. #SushiLover #ShasimiLover… (w/ Ayesha at Rise English Center Binus) [pic] — 

Got invited by P4TK, with the rest of the UPSTAGE family, to perform in Jogjakarta for the… 

Somebody tell Zack and the rest of the idiots at Vox just because Obama pretended Americans aren't in Syria doesn't mean that's the case.

#Style #Bag NWT Michael Kors Rhea Medium Velvet Zip Backpack #HandBag Black Gold  

Fucking the Cum Outta Him 

Tiffany Rousso getting her ass fucked 

God and coal: Trump won on both issues in #West_Virginia but inspires doubt  

#girls porn clips girls fucked on motor bikes 

From compliance to connecting, hear the story of how one of our business development directors changed his career. 

Choose to believe that God has NOT brought you this far, just to leave you He has NOT in the past and He sure is NOT now!

Konta defeats Wozniacki to become the first British player to win Miami Open  

SPI 251: (In the Middle) Launching a New Course with New Entrepreneur, Sarah Argenal  

kapil_janyani benefits of the same plan till 30th June 2017 (2GB 4G data per day), it will be free service. On 1st July 2017 benefits(2/4)

This $BTC #Bitcoin call was useful. Many trading ops off of that level. I don't have a view on $BTC at the moment. 

I'm about to turn my read receipts back on. Mfs keep hollin I know you got my text. Yep and I'm going to let you know I did 

Flight Deal Budapest (BUD) - San Francisco (SFO) USD 370 Round Trip with Several Airlines  

ISIS message calls Trump foolish idiot  

Bitch I don't give a fuck about you   go see him , but who is he coming home to ? Bitch you're dumb   

Samsung doesn't know how to make beautiful phones. But its software/bloatware #boo   . I hope they build next Nexus… 

My finger has been profusely bleeding for the past half hour, my first bus didn't show up and I almost missed my second bus  

Yo this nigga Russell Westbrook is mad ugly yo. I hate dancing ass niggas

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

Just because she's an OC with a well known name slapped on her and has the basic badass attributes does not make her better than Laurel.

Things start to make more sense and it seems like the answer t... More for Aries 

my icon here is so cute..... leave anything here while i take a nap or something. i love youuuu 

God you're an idiot Bettman! The King knows what's up! 

Cam Chick Toy Fucking Ass Hole 

Did he run out because of questions? He normally ignores or berates. Looks like he forgot what he was doing??? 

The way these niggas hate I hope they get a check for it

will drop,, 2 more things later . one being the kinda overdue art nd the other being pictures i took of myself jus now .:)))))

I hope you fucking choke on every lie you ever told.

We could rescue those fleeing Assad. Or kill people as a power display while leaving refugees to die. trump's choice is no shock.

#RPDR FUCKING FARRAH MOAN, HAVE YOU NEVER WATCHED THIS SHOW. WHEN YOU GET THE CALL, TAKE A LESSON.

My Shit in DUBAI!!!! Grateful!!! #ExcuseTheMemphisInMe  

#quest: What country? - 1 of the key producers of #minerals in the world, 68 types Mnrls; - has a sole producer of #ironpowder in the ME!

Mini celebrities who are looking for attention and tweeting about housemates, see your life.#BBNaija 

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

Watchers of the wires beyond the firewalls. Like angels over Berlin. One can see another from afar. Dig?

AT LEAST they consider all this problems for the scores, but hey. It makes each monday a boring nightmare.

mykewl fucked rawanalbearcumha 

Sorry say but I hate a lying ass females bitch tell the truth

I will never understand why women put themselves in such situations. And the guys thats recording ain't no better. 

Can't be fucking with anyone besides myself I swear

#God is too good to be unkind, too wise to be mistaken, and when I cannot trace His hand, I can always trust His heart. ~ Charles Spurgeon

Skarmory available until 11:26:08am (27m 6s). Air Slash / Brave Bird (91.1% - 14/13/14) 

Hardcore ass fisting and fucking for redhead temptress 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

i hate annoying ass baby moms that want everything handed to them hand and foot!!!

when guy fieri vores me, my ass... IT'S FUCKING LIT

Garlic Is An Amazing Natural Remedy That Will Purge Parasites From Your Body! 

Freeresources.pw Introduces a Tool for Unlimited Diamonds and Money for My Cafe Recipes and Stories 

When I go home I'm watching cartoons with my baby all night with his bad ass  

Govt Notifies Simplified Income Tax Returns Form; e-Filing Begins Tomorrow  

  Happy Birthday. Today, Apr 1, 1952 – Annette O'Toole, American actress was born.... 

The latest planning pre app is fooling no one !! No delivery on what was previously promised, then excuses, then can we have some more.

 nice way to complete the week. It is Lent pray for your enemies to experience epiphanies. 

I cannot stand Rosita, which likely means she will be on for at least 2 more seasons. #thewalkingdead

Fucking tied up masked wife in tights 

bts: *breaths *does anything literally me: OK THIS IS ILLEGAL WHO TOLD U TO TRY AND KILL ME LIKE THAT? DONT U GUYS… 

LIKE WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED OVER THERE WHAT DID THEY HAVE HIM DRINK HE AHS NEVER BEEN THIS DRUBK EVER THIS IS TERRIFYING

Fellas, gentlemen, guys and all who identify as such... be deliberate in pursuit of the date!… 

Midas whale chalk up every Colon start against the Mets as an L. Hopefully that's only like 4 games. #LGM

If god is so existent why does he need idiots like you to promote him? Shut the fuck already. 

people stay fucking me over it's ridiculousssssssss

#BattleCats Since I can record android games, I thought of playing this first. :) 

Watch the second a 10-foot python gobbles a kangaroo WHOLE in stunning video captured in Australian bloke's again …… 

Haven't been this turned off by a sport I love since the situation with DJ at the open. Get it right #lpga or risk losing fans. #lexi

    I ain't fucking with u 

That's where the Flashes of Brilliance live. Embrace them. Need inspiration? Grab some #ContentCandies YUMMY… 

The ambulance service and paramedics are incredible. Helped my baby girl and kept us calm. We're so lucky to have them.

According to Sportskeeda the King of Strong Style Shinsuke Nakamura will be making his main roster debut on the... 

#Recap NEW MUSIC: Rayce - One For Me (Prod. by Popito) Jebons Record newest artiste, Rayce has releas  #Afromixx

Sir. 500 aur 1000 kea note band karna nahi Cast reservation band karo. All cast are equal so form no minority and majority all are equal.

I'm really digging the feeling good Rubio. If he can keep this up, watch out. 

i keep typing abq instead of aqh for my radio project sjfkwndksnd fucking breaking bad man

see, if you're a misfit and feel out of place or you don't like how you look, it's okay 'cozsomeone will, but you need to love yourself  

The Royals have lost their first 2 games by a combined score of 16-2 to a team that lost 103 games last season     ‍

#swedish women anal girls fucking in heels 

Scary please reflect and rethink on this NOW if you want to keep more talent CEO /. has spread this globally 

Join us for our #TRIPKeynote on April 20 featuring Wayne Beach, PhD, San Diego State University 

 #JustListed #AlandLachun #remaxunlimited #realestate 

Dominick Cruz Trained U.S. Military In Secret Mission to Middle East  via #enews24ghanta 

Don't get into a relationship if you're not going to value the other person you're just wasting their time

$5.99/month for an obscure indie-shithole? I'm absolutely fucking furious at these cocksuckers... 

Chapter 10: Shrek Is Insecure And I'm Still Writing This Fucking Fic

I never understood why people wow me when I tell them im half mexican half Guatemalan, like the countries are righ… 

Had a terrible work day but came home to cheesy potato soup kels made in the fridge so everything is better now.

TURN THE ROD TOWARDS THE ROD TOWARDS THE ROD TOWARDS THE FISH!! ease up on the perfection of this! wow i'm so fucking broken.

I hate when random people snap me trynna tell me to go to bed how about you mind your business you trick ass bitch

Air Miles to resume in-store cash miles redemptions, but with lower limits  #Globe #Mail #news

Found a Transponder Snail! Battle rages in Upper Yard! Shandians vs. "Kami"!  #TreCru 

North Korea nuclear ambitions must be stopped, Mattis says #WorldNews  

#SouthCarolina #gloryhole fucking #tinder #pussies pawg #skypesex #livecams hentai #snapcode #dirty 

"Let's go get breakfast and then go to the makeup shack" Like you don't even have to ask me twice    

Frank putting some idiot in his place. 

remember to to try to play higher or lower... or just click some butterflies and play it safe, i believe in you

The Buddha does not swerve away from emptiness. Emptiness is not apprehended through duality and there is no dharma that is not emptiness.

after tweet debate with someone, I'don't know if it's because they're an idiot or because their and my tweets aren't in time sync. Prob.idiot?

2 tweeps followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past week. Thank you 

it ain't nothing like some cold ass water mannnn shit be tasting like Jesus gave it to me personally lmaao

Brain is dying as I farm A1S in #FFXIV because #Persona5 isn't getting to me until Thursday. A day before my bday ;… 

32% increase in 2016-17 in the no of apps recd in the IPO as ISA under the PCT. 88% search report estblshd and transmitted to WIPO in time

Which is good bc it means they care but also I keep making content for things I incorrectly predict they'll pay attention to

The InstruMMents 01 Makes Measuring Immeasurably Easier #arquitectura #vivienda #casas #home 

Gang of Thieves: DEA Stole $3.2 Billion in Cash From Innocent People in Only a Decade 

The worlds absolutley fucked 

I can feel my skull shatter from the dull chatter brain spattered on the wall grey stains won't dissolve now I have to paint it all

Man I hate hearing beats where the 808 or bass line is off key. You don't hear that when you making the beat??

I was driving around Bloomington instead of doing my hw and ate icecream in the dq parking lot listening to drake all by myself

Critics said that Moscow’s involvement with the Taliban could threaten Afghanistan’s security in future 

Hemp Crete Soap-Acne, Skin Abrasion, Psoriasis, Eczema, Dry/Flaky Skin, Skin Infection, Rash  

Army Farm Group said he would also be incoming the European Amateur Theater Managed Highway Authority.

The purest and the most thoughtful minds are those which love colors. Which color do you love? #LiveInColors

From airstrike to aftermath: How Syria chemical attack unfolded  

It's time for spring cleaning! While you are working on you, we can help you get your supplies ready for your... 

The World shouldn’t stand for this. Assad needs to go. It should be done by a multinational coalition. But it won’t happen.

Frank ocean... I can't swim but there's always something about the ocean that makes me feel more… 

that was the shortest hiatus ever sorry for being fucking stupid

As it happened: #Liverpool v Borussia Dortmund, Europa League quarter-final #Liverpool  

She Has Been Waiting To Be Fucked For A While 

used to be just saturday nights that east burnett would get me now it's saturday afternoons and nights

Kapil Sharma and Sunil Grover will not share the same frame on The Kapil Sharma Show? 

the Nina is my bitch and I might have to rape a nigga , the heater on my waist and I might have to bake a nigga!

Frustrated that the market in Calgary is mostly selling nonGMO Passover goods. I don't like fake science.

Slowly undo everything that TURD did to America, This like torture to obama.          

Iyara – Faith In Myself [New Music] - Dancehall star Iyara released new single “Faith In myself,” off the Live ... 

Found a Transponder Snail! A tearful farewell: The Going Merry's last voyage.  #TreCru 

#SouqNews Retro hipster style meets functional design in this old-timey keyboard  

#MLB Wire: Barcelona star Neymar could miss Clasico vs. Real Madrid for mocking referee  

My Vagina My Private business #Pence you should stay with your wife's and goat's Vaginas If they choose you' you but… 

I put my trust in a nigga and he failed. Now I want me some fucking revenge!

Hindus only see one Problem Islamic Jihad ! Hindus fail to understand agenda of Christian Missionaries they are destroying families

An asshole Built For brutal anal. Secret access  #brutalanal #anal #assfucking #asscum #analsex

Match 4: After 8.0 Ov, Rising Pune Supergiant 48/2. Steven Smith 26 (26b), Ben Stokes 3 (3b) #KXIPvRPS 

9 hours after the fact Trump condemns Syria a gas attacks, then blames Obama! Typical response from a man who takes no responsibility!

I made Shizuka fucking tall for some reason, she's got an inch on Josuke and isn't afraid to flaunt it

Where traditional and modern Martial Arts collide <enclosure url=" length="70071840" type="audio/mpeg" />

But...but...who can remove the secret president from the National Security Council? Was it #Putin? So confusing! 

my hair dryer busted this morning and now my laptop battery is also losing the will to live. like first of all, mood. but second can u not

From the archives: Older mothers are selfish #motherhood #mothers #parenting  

This Atascadero woman is accusing of physically abusing two elderly relatives, faces felony charges 

Norwegian side Tromsdalen play match amid wall of snow : Norwegian side Tromsdalen ..  

BUT LIKE ME I CANT JUST GO WORK AT MCDONALD'S NOW...Like i gotta do shit to bring HARMONY which is OF LOVE LOVE IS GOD AND IN IT PUREST FORM

Trumps ordering Bombing of Syrian Airfields in retaliation for the Gas attacks against the civilians there is... 

From someone who's lived somewhere with zones: absolutely yes. Zones make unlimited passes easier to implement. 

We need contractors that have what it takes! That's you call us today 1-888-316-3578 ext 101 to start today. Posi… 

Fuccckkkkkkk this section about PTSD really fucked me up!!!! I felt it through the fucking dance..... #YoungMen #BalletBoyz

i hate getting "nice" presents that i know i'm never going to use or that just aren't my thing it makes me feel so bad

dear cardigan, taylor wore you today because she didn't want to put a bra on us. keep her covered for us...jeez. sincerely, her boobies

Treason = Obama administration which answers all of your other questions except shoe tying. Lost the use of my feet… 

When you start to think that maybe....just maybe..... you are the problem and not so much the other person.... 

you say you hate me but you stalk my page... fucking hypocrite

#MarchGenocide99 #yapnasimi #31marchthebloodiestpageofourhistory #GTMECY Terror does not have a nation, language, race, color or age.

Opinion | Why is Trump flailing? Because Americans hate his agenda, and it's based on lies. 

OH BOYJared Is Happy. Jared Gets T/Visit T/WarJared Has A Shiny New Suit For His Trip Jared Meets Real Sold… 

Something's you want the most you have to let go and trust that God has something way better coming your way

April 3, 2017 0814, and I'm officially sick of these niggas for the rest of 2017   

Search for the New Land - By Adam Shatz April 3, 2017 On Film Kasper Collin’s new documentary celebrates the vi... 

If we cannot love the person whom we can see, how can we love God whom we cannot see - Mother Teresa #Quotes ~ 

I accidentally wore two of my birth control patches at once, just realized it. I wondered why my emotions have been so fucked up

Russsia did not interfere in USA elections. This is just a diversion to take the public away from our pressing issues.

I'm late catching up on news. I've just heard Government say Britain might go to war with Spain. Spain. Fucking hell

Excellence is achieved by doing the right job well, each and every time which is well within our capabilities #leadership #FAST #Leadership

It's a try and keep America safe this is not an Islamic mother fucking nation #ExtremeVetting Pay attention to th… 

New York: Please stop killing adoptable pets! Plz sign:  

Now #Hiring a Litigation Exec to join our Road Traffic Accident team in #Sheffield. Apply here:… 

South Sumatra police officers implicated in bribery undergo…  #Asia #anticorruption… 

Ass Fucked in Chastity by Ashley Grace 

Need some ideas to entertain the kids? Try the #Change4Life fun generator with over 100 ways to keep them active 

Got my waiver and virtual guide for my runs in 3 weeks!! First back to back races!! #rundisney #starwarsdarkside #starwarsmonth

#bbnaija for a full month bisola has never got her hair cut and yet others ask and they receive.. Hmmmm biggie i see u

=14 Hilarious Ways to Start A Conversation on Dating Apps - ìF*ck, marry, date: Me 

THE OPENING DANCE SEQUENCE IS SO FUCKING SICK? YOU GUUUYYYSSSSS

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

I think you'll find it's perfectly normal to present one graph by overlaying 31 PNGs in PowerPoint  

Will a three-year wait harsh the Mellow sous vide cooker? - - .… 

The Bloggers' Guides To Social Media  #lbloggers #ukbloggers 

unfollowing "bad bitches" on IG just to follow some jiggy ass Asians

some guy was walking by me, stopped beside of me and whispered "i'm miserable" then kept walking. idk what to think about that.

I'm actually so excited for this game. Need the three points. #ComeOnSchanzer #1Bleiben #FCIM05 <EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️  

Think and Grow Business, Better coaches, better results, we deliver  #Masterminds and #Roundtables our specialty

My fucking heart omg, I'm crying     I hate ppl!!!!    

We are a people of habits. If you can change your habits, you can change your life. #ALDUBxDTBYIkawPaRin

You may finally decide to show your hand today. Although you w... More for Taurus 

The #Trump agenda – what it means for resources and #energy #OilandGasCPAs  

They didn’t fucking do that. 

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

Wouldn't let Michael in because he was "starring" you got me so fucked up...

#RMTBC2017 #Mentalhealth Somatization model of healing of children and their families 

The new exhibit at the Art Science Museum is called The Universe and Art, and it's the visual result of the when... 

Joss Whedon is directing a Batgirl movie. Here's what you need to know  TIMEvia overloads_cute

We will be okay with no kids. I need to get my shit together and support him.I've been selfish and left him alone. #no #divorce Just love.

Rata Street New Lynn Very busy as people try to get to New Lynn. Great North Road Closed! Bus's deviate. Plan trip around! #Flooding

anyone wanna hang out the night of prom? i don't want to go and i don't want to have a boring ass night :)

What if there's a Chinese hoax to make Trump think climate change is a Chinese hoax? 

Harry Styles' new song... I'm here for all of it. If I drank wine, I'd be wearing my heels, drinking my wine, and swaying to it while crying

"Dr. Mohammed has been a key, consistent advocate pushing for us to be bolder" dotsconnector… 

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

Amazing! This is what technology should be doing... making life easier and better for all! I think anyway. 

How much every army appreciates them, and they they mean a lot to as and give them the world map and teach them whe… 

I hope you get everything you wanted and that you chose, i hope that its the realest thing that you ever know

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

So I checked back on April 1st... no one said "April fools!!!" So I guess I'm just screwed then #cool #coolcoolcool #canIbeAbed

You can arrive at a more accurate conclusion on your own than ... More for Taurus 

What a news to wake up to! I won Best Actress at The Los Angeles Independent Film Festival… 

I honestly need to find me somewhere to go after school is out this year I'm not dealing with this all summer

#CaseForChrist opens nationwide today; I am going to first show with family; again tomorrow with friends! 

So I encourage you to pray for your family, friends, coworkers, strangers, enemies, and even our leaders no matter how much you can't....

I don't bangs with the Grammys but the concept of the best for that Year. Forest Hills Drive was amazing

Maysee Whitney finishes the 100 hurdles in 15.74 to win her second event of the day #mtscores 

Lolly Badcock Fucking Shop Guy 

See. This we complain about mutually. Damn it.   yuuuuck. Icky icky icky icky icky.   

My sleep schedule is so fucked up I feel bad when I spend the night with people  

They oriented their unobtainium blades at each other. And so the weak sauce fight would finally conclude.

those people who say that they wanna kill themselves but dont mean it to them i say go kill yourself

One of the biggest stories in RI politics right now: weak state revenue that will make the car tax cut much harder 

Today we have a very special call. We are going to have our weekly call with Karen Lagrange and her Crystal... 

I'm laughing at these clown ass Celtic fans. This game will hopefully wake them up     

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Romeo and Juliet: Mascarpone cream, guava paste slices and pecan crumble topped whit guava suce #guavapaste #romeoandju… 

US missile attack on Syria: Trump's allies react, China calls for political solution 

dog I just wanna hear dolph   do you fucking mind?

If you think it's not a serious thing and people do it just for attention. Nah these people are trapped and helpless inside.

Busty brunette Alexa Pierce gets pussy fucked 

I'm always showing people the respect they need. I have made people's days multiple times in my life. All it takes… 

Then again, with the amount of MLS I watch, I'm hardly well-placed to question anyone's entertainment preferences...

hey guys did you know uhmmmmmm i fuckin hate mself mmmMMMMMmm m

Don't read any of my tweets they're weird and you'll probably be grossed out because I'm talking about what I find attractive

Back of the net! I just guided Horde FC to 2nd place in League D2  [Free Edition]

Mass of Hope, Healing and Prayerful Remembrance Tues, 4/4, 7P Sacred Heart, Quincy. Fr. Joe White, Dir of Recovery, A… 

9 Parents Anonymously Reveal Why They're 'Bad Parents,' And Remind Us No One Is Perfect 

it's a week away from the assignment's due date but i'm still in the 'brainstorm' stage without having written anything...I'M SO FUCKED

Nice start to the week     Thank you David's Camp! Link in bio to avoid the squinting of eyes… 

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

Damn it, I made $35 on tinder from stupid dudes and now I'm banned :-(

I mean u gotta appreciate a guy's ability to play through injury but if you're a liability to ur team, you gotta sit yourself on the bench!

15"Royal Palace Chinese Bronze 24K Gold inlay Gem Collect Antique Folding Screen  

Good morning my beautiful Black Queens and Kings! You is smart, you is kind, and you is important! Have a blessed day  

We have lost our fucking minds. 

But in the end they are your enemies could be right there in front of you you just have to watch your back cause people can pretend all

lesbians playing dirty with a cock 

Going to Disney World next week, so my sister customized my magic band for me. via /r/StarWars… 

Somebody, Push me on a #dick, please ! I'm there-  

I'm tempted to post a rly embarrassing video I took at the concert where I scream like an idiot sjdjsjf

'Christ requires of His people a settled refusal to set any limit to the claims which He may make on their lives.' - Packer #discipleship

AS THE DULY APPOINTED ENFORCER OF THE TYREST ACCORD - wait shit i quit that horrible job.

Wind 3.1 mph SSW. Barometer 1007.9 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 6.2 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 71%

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

#ADNOC and #Masdar Sign MoUs with Saudi #Aramco on Oil and Gas Collaboration and Sustainable Energy technology… 

You might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t... More for Scorpio 

Sinking Schumer: Third Senate Democrat Announces Support For Gorsuch via Geller Report - “Though ... 

Top story: Mike Flynn Offers to Testify in Exchange for Immunity - WSJ  see more 

There's wonderful pianists like this, and then there's me   #potatoofapianist 

And with that, I also manage to gain a few kilos when really I could have had a few cool outfits had I spend it on new clothes lol

PUTIN’S SUBVERSION OF FREE WEST Putin's KGB Long Range Plans Explained by His Communist Mentor: MIKHAIL... 

i wonder if you know that sometimes he thinks we're safe here ... well, that's just how it is, i suppose

Y is it every year their is apparently 1 qb that can potentially sneak into first rd that isn't expected but it never happens lmao Davis web

it's just upsetting to see people continuously put themselves through shit bc they think cant live without (attention) dick

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I can actually say I'm the healthiest I've ever been at this point and getting better :) now if only the good weather would arrive!

the 2nd AC on this set literally slaps the sticks on the slate so damn hard every time we're about to go in i think i'm going deaf

Satan just had his staff meeting and his number 1 agenda, cause depression to fill the hearts of Christians. Let's disappoint him today.

McCain, You're A Stupid Idiot (According To You) 

taemin and jongin should take a pic with jimin i can't accept the fact i have pics of them with ravi but i dont have with jimin

Geile slet met grote borsten Fucked Doggy Style 

throat pull the fucking trigger 

then you ask for a contact picture so you can see them nd they butt ugly  like got damn do I got the ugly girl magnet

Photo Recap: deadmau5' new Cube 2.1 is Here  #tgmsNews 

Harley: I Feel Safe And Secure. Sherlock: I Do Too. *they stare into each other's eyes* Sherlock: Such Beautiful Blue Eyes. *she smiles*

Meanwhile boo is really fucking it up 

Apple iPad 2 (MC989LL/A) 16GB, 9.7", WiFi, Silver / White, Tablet  

South Carolina defeats Mississippi State 67-55 to win the WBB national title. What a performance by A'ja Wilson! Congrats to Dawn Staley.

BETFAIR-8/1 Arsenal to beat C Palace ,new customers,winnings are credited in free bets + TandC's apply… 

#dirty teens fucking brahmin sex 

My suegro told me a story about how his bro fed his homies a fucking horse and expects me to trust his family   sick.

Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Denver, CO?  #mentalhealth #empleo… 

Daughter of deceased Pyarimohan Mohapatra, Sikta appointed as secretary general of Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM) #Odisha

Would YOU want to eat your dinner off of a filthy #NYC street while a taxi whizzes by your head? #BanHorseCarriages 

Very proud to Chair Team Verrico, mentioned in this article. We are determined to give Claire the opportunity of Mor…

*Playlist on shuffle* *Lucky One done playing* *White Noise comes on* Got me like: 

IM TRULY THE BIGGEST IDIOT IM MAKING THIS MODEL THAT LOOKS DEVENT WHEB THETES A KIT ONLINE

Ding ding ding! This is why it's a gift. Journos--go sniff for more of this. It's everywhere! 

There's a barb that loves to take the anger out on me and a few others when they don't get noticed by nicki in a wh… 

Yesterday was the 41st anniversary of the Cabot tornado of 1976. #arwx #wxhistory 

#women bad fuck girl on guy sex positions 

Instagram Algorithm Update and Tips For Staying Alive On Instagram  #instagram… 

ő NWT BETSEY JOHNSON 2 in 1 tote Be Mine bag blush roses POUCH handbag purse  

Opinion: The UK government is trying to scapegoat Silicon Valley companies to hide its own security failures… 

    nah fr tho bad singing ass 

how to flirt 101- call your crush "my bro" call things "neat" talk about throwing knives and constantly wanting to die

I'd like to share a track from ViewRanger: Today's spring walk in the Kent Countryside. 

All I see down my time line on Facebook errday is perks! And it's even hella hypes 2day down my time line smh lookin fa perks

#PRICEISRIGHT HI FROM ATX LOVE THIS SHOW MISS MY MOM SO MUCH WE WOULD WATCH IT WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL

The Great and Mighty Warlock edgelordily orates Eldritch Visage (using a 5th level spell slot) on the Warlock Themself!

Jon Hamm explains how working as a waiter changed the way he sees the world  

im pan but ppl tell me they dont want to date me bc theyd be too worried about being jealous of everyone 

#WitchHunt: Bill O’Reilly Is a Good Man Being Attacked – Glenn Beck #PressureGroups 

Sorry guys, I've been so depressed lately and I've come to a point to where i have to quit my YouTube channel. Hope you understand...

2017 Topps Team Ediiton Oakland A's - Finish Your Set - *WE COMBINE S/H*  

Only Snapchat could begin to capture how cute I looked in real life     #instabeauty… 

Ogg Picks Defense Attorney Vivian R. King As Harris DA Office Chief Of Staff 

That fucking leap from brock though    #Wrestlemania

And it shall be said in that day, Lo, this is our God; we have waited for him,… (Isaiah 25:9) 

57554 started on 29/11/2014 Reached its destination PRLI and was 50 Mins Late 

Report: Chelsea shelves Morata interest for Sanchez, Lukaku double swoop  (via  )

Always great news.....#Brexit what an awesome example of bad decision-making 

#JewishTimes #antiSemitisminBritain #UKNationalUnionofStudents Most Jewish British students experience… 

Congrats to Park Lodge Judo Academy, Belfast - Players of the Month (selected by Coach Zane  ), Gabriel McNamara and Jack O'Kane!    

R106A Beauty DIY Cell Phone Iphone4 4/5/6S Crystal Case-Deco Den Kit  

It's not that I don't consider my self a feminist but I don't agree with putting men down in order to accomplish things.

If you can give up on us over something so small then there should've never been an us in the first place.  

But don't ever fucking dragged me into your drama and affairs.

Sweat to god must be gods plan that a just stay a fat bastard aw ma life, joined the gym went twice and fucked my leg

FTR cheating is a form of dishonesty and is often coupled with deception. We don't accept it in other areas of life, so why in relationships?

thehill: Ex-Obama adviser fires back at Spicer: "Who benefits from this fake news? R-U-S-S-I-A" … 

This sounds like my fucking jam 

Global #automotive interior leather market is expected to reach nearly $43,000 million by 2026.… 

I love the phrase "why on earth..?" It makes think some people would have an easier time fathoming things on Jupiter

Staying in the EU is the worst deal. They have now unmasked themselves for any idiot to see. 

Is the greatest thing my younger sister ever did for me introducing me to Thoroughly Modern Millie? 

As for SFV It's possible I'll still run sets with people for funsies, but I'm through with playing the game from a serious standing for now

What is so enticing for a aspiring student-athlete to wake up and say "ya know what. I wanna go to Gonzaga"

Best Bike For City Riding | And Losing Weight While You Ride  #bike 

The most Italian thing about Romeo + Juliet is the yelling, which is also what makes it such a great time.

Underestimated the grey flash. But if you read to the bottom I might've steered you into the trifecta. 

  YASSS It's time for a great show Sam the panda man  :panda making  

Sometimes I watch TWD and start thinking how we would be fucked bc in this country we don't have guns and baseball bats laying everywhere..

#Right  Citizens raise money to buy lawmakers’ browsing histories once new law enables ISPs… 

hyeee..mardala... same cuteness and charm... specially that innocent eyes...is my fav. #LuvU momo  

I got me and the boys Pokemon pj's today....guess what we are doing straight from school run because I'm lazy  

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

Just saw a vid on fb of a black man whinin on a tranny but he aint know its a man    I hate Facebook

LGBT groups, civil rights groups had some angry words about the #HB2 replacement bill #NCGA #ncpol 

I am in a rocking chair as I tell the grandkids abt #Gowinx and that noise of the crowd that goes wild as she floated… 

after being fucked and squirt all over the bed prostitute is taking a rest on 

Houndour IV:?%(?/?/?) Move Set: unknown/unknown Available until 22:17:00 (27m 21s). 

Found a Transponder Snail! Killer rabbits?! Amazing fauna on one winter isle!  #TreCru 

i'm supposed to be reading right now but all i want to do is make popcorn and watch the emperor's new groove

Europe Is Dead Serious About Killing Off Diesel Cars - MIT Technology Review 

Success, opinions, and marriage, oh my! Take a little look at the world according to Disney Hamilton      

 - Coalition Brewing Brings Cannabis Collaboration to a Higher Level with CBD Beer #MNews

The great Enson Inoue with his copy of HP. Honoured to have him write the foreword. 

#NBA Wire: Kemba Walker's 29 points lead CHA past OKC - Kemba Walker | CHA  

Fucking Plagiarist ASSHOLES of Instagram 

Until you cross the bridge of your insecurities, you can't begin to explore your possibilities. - Tim Fargo #quote

The bloody hell Trump, why use 59 missiles? Even though they did launch a chemical attack on us, 59 is a bit overkill. also #russiaismad

IoT Drama Hits Solar Inverters with Revealing Data - Apparently Solar is not a bargain  #infosec #iot

#Colombia landslide kills 154 on city outskirts, scores injured  

ISPs and other infrastructure of their ilk should be state or city owned but decidedly NOT Federal, that'd be too f… 

tomorrow is the first of 3 days that i will debut my very own work of art on a runway and i still can't believe it 

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

Charles Bronson proposes to ex-Corrie actress girlfriend | Daily Mail ... - Daily Mail  

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

CDL-A Team Truck Drivers - Panama City Beach, FL, , USA #jobs #Panama City Beach pls RT: Are You Professional… 

Not even Ruth Bader Ginsburg is safe from manterruptions  

I'm still weak af that this base has a swimming pool with a basket ball hoops   . Shit real out here man

Chelsea edge closer to the Premier League title with 2-1 win vs. Man City  

So excited for Destiny 2. Cannot wait to fight Gary!! (P.S. Cayde-6 is the best character) #Destiny2 

4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Celebrate Earth Month in action! Volunteer opportunities at  

y'all really fucking nasty 

All She Wanted Was To Become The Sexiest Lady On The Planet, The Results Say It All 

Your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day, and you may... More for Sagittarius 

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

No One RSVPs To Mom’s Baby Shower, Then Packages From Total Strangers Show Up  -

idgaf if i'm annoying, you ain't my nigga so i'll purposely be annoying to you tf

Predictions: Neville, Stroman, Enzo/Cass, Corbin, Charlotte, Naomi, Miz/Maryse, Styles, Rollins, Bray, Owens, Taker, Lesnar #Wrestlemania

theory of evolution, but they themselves do not believe in evolutionism. They believe in the real existence of Satan Lucifer, and they are

My stetson alwaaays fucks up durinf regsitration. Its so annoying.

Women's sequin cop hat (adult) - black - one-size  |  

Symbols are given power by people. Alone, a symbol is meaningless, but with enough people, blowing up a building can change the world.

They Were Using Dead Cows For A Study. Wait Until You See How They Lost One.  

The bulls don't fuckin deserve a playoff spot. They weak ass not even over .500. And Felicio name should be Felatio.

Worst Chemical Attack in Years in Syria; U.S. Blames Assad -  

Me (now): Why are people linking to that utterly fucking irresponsible Tel*graph piece? That’s all the bastards want. You’re being played.

Radha Beauty Vitamin C Serum for Face, 2 fl. oz - 20% organic Vit C + E + Hyaluronic Acid - can.. 

That looks so fucking bomb . 

11 Unbelievable Facts About The Making Of "Game Of Thrones." 11 Is So Gross. 

Ha he's a bit of a idiot :p yes we are he's wasting away slooowly 

// All my friends are at Fan Expo this weekend and I'm sitting here getting fucked over by my team mates

'THE O'REILLY FACTOR': Zimmerman — 'There is a paper trail' of unmasking requests for Trump transition members -…… 

Deborah McArthur, Nature Connection: Wild and natural fairy and gnome homes 

WEIRD BUT TRUE: most chipotle aolie is actually a blend of mayonnaise and ketchup that someone out their cigarette out in

Read the stupidest thing I've read to date: "We're taught that mercury is bad, but it's actually kind of... 

"Being Hufflepuff in an uptight pureblood family was bad." #harrypotter #hp #hogwarts 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Our Little Hands silkworms have hatched and found their way onto tiny mulberry leaves! The little white eggs are... 

Such an inspirational experience at #weday. Be the change you want to see. It takes We!! No… 

Thank you Marjorie, Ann, Susan and Christine for liking our page. Kids Gone Viral appreciates you!   

nude sex scene of algerian actress #chubby girls fucking guys with dildo 

Do you miss me like I miss you? Fucked around and got attached to you.

These are the cosmic waves you've been waiting for, so grab yo... More for Aries 

you can't attack the ones you hate, you can however conjure a rhino to flatten them as they spat their bullshit at you #guideddelusion

Worst thing you can do is wait for a change....you gotta go out and change shit yourself.

8 Pin Female To 30 Pin Male Charging Audio Adapter For iPhone4 Switch To 5s/5c/5  

I wad eating chipotle in the hallway and asking teachers for hot sauce thats what my senior year has come to.

Moscow And Beijing Join Forces To Bypass U.S. Dollar As World Reserve Currency 

Throw back Thursday!! Before and after rooms......old fashioned twin room now transformed to a… 

"Experience repentance. Nothing draws you closer to the Lord Jesus Christ than a desire to change." #ElderCosta #LDSconf

I can't speak for other religions, but God says people will know us by our love. That means you gotta show it. Be active in it. Bathe in it

The love of money is the root of all the evil #sevdiklerimiçin Dağhan #EnginAkyürek SelDağ #ÖleneKadar #Dağhan

my last straw with russian food came when I found out that their beef stroganoff is served with mashed potatoes instead of noodles

I'm tired of missionary wanna see you on your face, put that ass up in the air I'm loving how that pussy taste  

Lady vomits cockcroach after Pastor T.B Joshua prayed for her in his church (See Photos) - 

You aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your... More for Virgo 

Do you know who are awesome? My 16 new followers in the last week! Growing with 

Definitely did not get a chance to run revamped #crotasend this week. Also, looking pretty slim to do #vaultofglass next week.  

Counting on mum to make me smile with her shite patter on snapchat is how exciting my nights seem to get 

Our Customer Support team are back online at 9am AEDT tomorrow. Until then, check out our Help page for assistance: 

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > share and beans.  

I'm happy because you're happy. Even though it doesn't include me anymore...  it's ok. I'll be here for you always, hooot... Congratts!

Mum is always right: Environmental effects on plant biology across generations 

i really hate giving advice bc mfs be like " u act like u wasn't dumb over a nigga" bitch when I was 14 not 24. that's 10 yr difference

It's alot of hoes who don't like me , so fucking WHAAAAT 

The Dung Beetle Smokes the Competition | Street Outlaws  

#MARKCUBAN Trump's stupidity about Russia. IF you are too stupid to know you are being played vs playing someone. ur too stupid to be Prez

Piss fetish babe fucking  

"There are those days when it's hard to put one foot in front of the other, but those are the days when champions are created" McNally

It's nearly impossible to see the downside of a plan today. In... More for Sagittarius 

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! Push,don't be shy  

There are now 108 #YurisNight events registered in 29 countries on all continents! Where will you celebrate?… 

2015 Cadillac Escalade Jacksonville, Gainesville, Jacksonville Beach, Ponte Vedra Beach, St. Johns, 

Stasy is sensual and loves fucking 

I have never heard a more powerful song other than Jesus Christ by Brand New... shitngwts me every time.

i'm starting my first tabletop roleplaying campaign soon and i am VERY invested in the character i started making 5 minutes ago

San Diego: Mankey  100.0% (15/15/15 - Karate Chop/Cross Chop - s:normal) til 00:28:23(26m 38s). 

Pro-Len Activists Binning and Burning Coyne Mailshots  

Bts always feeds us 24/7 and now they didn't tweet anything in 3 days and I know they are resting but I'm still wor… 

4CTS 100% NATURAL AWESOME MOONSTONE OVAL SHAPE CABOCHON RING SIZE GEMSTONE  

I guess I gotta be the next MLK and take one for the people.....who's gonna help me with this president...(gotta... 

The fact that Plano automatically places some freshmen into "Honors" classes is incredibly fucking wack.

Happy birthday u sexy lil bitch  i love you thanks for all the fun times          

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

Stakeholders seek ways of shaping 21st century travellers’ experience  

college girl fucked at party videos #hoopz nude photos 

it's so fucking cold, i do not wanna go to the gym

There were so many times each of the members came super close to us; got it all on video and I'll be making a vlog ♡ #BTSinAnaheim

Them ones when you run around a store looking for your phone, panicking everyone around you, only realise it's in u… 

Need to undergo first with their bridging program before enrolling MLIS since my undergrad course in not aligned to it.  

Finally reporters are standing to trump and challenging his ridiculous claims and lies. Go LaTimes. 

Increase your business reach to new dimensions with Real Twitter Followers sale from  

Have you ever considered that if Pence is in a room with the wrong person his lightning bolts might go off by mistake? No, you didn't.

Memorial Lady Mustangs <EMOJI>️ enter Merrill Green Stadium. Matchup and coverage starting at 7:30 pm on the Spring Bra…… 

Asked my aunt to buy me a taser gun and now she's looking for it in lazada hehehe r u finall buying me one??? Wag paasa pls

Paul Weller hails 'amazing' Teenage Cancer Trust at Royal Albert Hall concert #CinemaTheaterTv 

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > plz share fb n twitter.  

#DesiPorn,#ManDingo,#AsianButts,#Aunty,#MatureMoms: Ugly Slut With Bushy Clam Gangbanged Brutally 

A Surefire Way to Get Constant Traffic to Your Content  via brianclark 

We just evacuated the building and this dumb bitch just asked "is this a tornado drill?" HOW STUPID CAN YOU BE!?!?

Decreased #Executive Function in #AYA survivors of #brainTumors may be linked to treatment intensity:  #LateEffects

"We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope." #quote from #MartinLutherKingJr #photography… 

Few foods on track to meet salt reduction targets, survey reveals  #NicheEscapes

'Content marketing isn’t about the quick sale. It’s about creating lasting value, building…  

Waited all fucking day to see you and now you in a bad mood. Fucking stupid.

HR and senior leaders need to work closely to develop a culture and work environment that clearly defines and... 

Fellow spills his chap chowder after fucking girl 

I'M FUCKING DTING THIS RADIO STATION JUST BLEEPED "sex by the fire at night" FROM THAT'S WHAT I LIKE IT BLEEPED OUT THE WORD SEX HHAJDJJDHE

SB: Whiteside strands one runner in the top of 1st. Burton, Llamas, and DeMora due up for #WilmUSoftball

It has to happen this weekend. Please come outside the house and show yourself so I/you can say it to your/my face.  ⁶ 

Fucking Victor's ass blote 

#NowPlaying Front Range Radio Promo 3 [1qPZ] - Tim Board. (>*_*)> Tune in at  #itsjustradio #radio

Though all but defeated, Syrian opposition groups continue to launch offensives  

Tracy McGrady, Bill Self and Rebecca Lobo have been inducted into the Basketball Hall...  by… 

Anti-Park vsPro- Park = Liberal vs Conservative in Republic of Korea. there is nid 4 rethinks 2 ensure #ROK Constitutionalism

i aint asking you for space just some room to fucking breathe

Stay tuned for char and jayjay's exclusive interview with harry styles on april 7! 

Amazing Woman Has Some Choice Words For The Bullies Who Now Want To Date Her 

Blondi party babe sucking and fucking 

The youth have always idolized the wrong people. But so do the elderly. And the poor. And the rich. Aw, hell, it'… 

i hate when people say this.. like yea you fucking did   its called lunch 

Niggas had me doing fire guard all day that shit is boring

Why do theses retards go after me I have downwind rum so stop

...HIGH WIND WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 4 AM TO 8 PM EDT SATURDAY... The National Weather Service in Taunton has is #Wx 

In life you'll realize that there is a purpose for every person you meet. Some will teach you, and some will bring out the best in you.

This was an article shared with us from one of our supporters! What are your experiences? 

it's always the hoes who you literally don't even fuck with that talk shit and hate on you for no reason    why you maddd girl    

3d interior rendering plan view of furnished home apartment - Shutterstock  

#frozenfood #InfluencerMarketing: two trends to monitor for #authenticitalian products in us 

Brands need social media scouts to see what the people want. I'm confused as to how Kendall sashaying to a cop in all denim is effective?

Key #EU   #Brexit takeaways: 1) Citizen rights 2) Preventing legal vacuum for companies 3) UK honours financial com… 

I think Atheist are dishonest, but if one of these bastards tried to hurt one of my dishonest friends, they'd have… 

Should any FFM report conclude that chemical weapons were used by Assad JIM will be able 2 begin its.#Khan_Shaykhun… 

LILAC-SHADOW- Palette Knife Oil Painting On Canvas By Leonid Afremov  

He did all this a few months ago when he got that Navy SEAL killed...I wonder how many are going to die now

#Bieber #Clothing Justin Bieber Purpose Tour Red Long Sleeve Tee Shirt  #JustinBieber #Store

MONEY FILE – LILES FILES  Entrepreneurs Describe Their Worst Business Moments -- and How They Overcame Them

Filthy, Horny Babes Seeking Adult Dates Tonight >>  

I was legit screaming my lungs out!!!! Fuck I HATE THIS!!   

Have you ever seen this large, truly mesmerizing 146-year-old wisteria, located in Japan? #WondersoftheWorld… 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Good job on showing your true colors, Conservatives.Calling us predators will not change the fact that all of you are violent people not us

NigeriaNewsdesk: Blatter the most selfish person I have seen in my life – Platini  via dai… 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

MSNBC is losing it. What an idiotic theory. 

the FBI hacking into me and olivia's chatlogs: why are these hoes obsessed with ugly peoples

If we talking just mistakes then Just Re'd up gotta go, artist wise Dom gotta go lol 

On my fucking mamma. On my granny g. Can make this up. Ya hear me ? 

Also, the enemy has to save your great grandchild from the future from a hive of retired weapons from WW2.

Ewww Ii Hate When Ii See Aa BITCH ASS Nigga BLUFFING  

#badlyexplainyourjob I prevent parents from seeing their children by locking them in old buildings until they're 18...

Tropical Floral High Heels Shoes With Red LipStick On Wood Motorola NEXUS 6 Hard Snap  

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

I Used To Be A Very Shy Man – Jidenna 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Trump Gave His Salary to National Parks. The Sierra Club’s Response is Great - 

Watch Khmer porn Sorority Girl Gets Fucked At College Daydrink - 

Don't tell me what I am or what I've been through ,, ya fucking fat ugly cunT

Fork Truck Free Materials Handling and Theory of Constraints Correlated According to Topper Industrial 

Hi! I'm posting this for my friend. We are in the Moscow/Covington Twp area and her dog got out last night.... 

Some ppl needa stop calling my phone thinking it's okay to talk about pointless things. Yo I'm tryin to work on myself leave me alone thanks

#TDOV: Trans women do not choose to be women, they simply are.  

And here it is. So now Putin can dump Assad and praise trump. Farse is complete. 

I found great service, which can followers and likes to your instagram account  #instagram… 

I picked Ndidi's strike v Stoke City as my goal of the weekend. Let SuperSport know your favourite. #SSFootball #PL 

#SocialMediaMarketing by #Digital360! Achieve Big With Us!  

We have the best jobs! OSMS wellness day- play all day with these great kids! 

I've been trying to do guided meditations every day but my brain chatter is so damned insistent nowadays I'm really bad at it

*REALITY* IS THAT WHICH *WILL NOT VANISH* *JUST BCOZ* WE *DONT BELIEVE OR ACCEPT IT..* Gud nite   

It's not easy to understand your feelings today and you may ch... More for Libra 

Everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today, but you k... More for Cancer 

HTML Table - responsive with fixed first column and fixed first row by paulef #Freelance #Job 

When you accidentally listen to that one song in the album you always skip and it's actually lit 

Cyndaquil IV:84.4%(14/9/15) Move Set: Tackle/Swift Available until 12:24:08 (24m 35s). 

Understanding Customer Experience: Artificial Intelligence May Be The Solution--Here's Why - Forbes: 

Just noticed that the Brandywine Zoo, which I submitted, is now a POI Munzee. Very nice. I’ll go capture it one day. 

Ya bitch cannot sleep because I am so fUCKING NERVOUS ABOUT THESE GOD DAMN TICKET FFS

He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but don't let that fool you. He really is an idiot. - Groucho Marx #quote #quoteoftheday

Patriots Trade Tom Brady to Bills for 1st rnd Draft pick 2017 and 2018, 2nd rnd pick in 2017 #aprilfoolsday 

Ahahah no they were an idiot 

Shop Now #Best For OPPO R9 , OPPO R9Plus , OPPO F1 Plus - New Heavy Metal Shockproof Bumper Case 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Fucking Idiots..... via /r/funny 

COMP Cams 3100KT Adjustable Timing Set Small Block Chevy V8 265-400ci (w/Thrust Bearing) 

If Tubby fails, Memphis fails. So we need to hope and pray, literally, that Tubby somehow makes believers out of doubters. Not looking good.

We are headed to #IslaMujeres to sip on margaritas all day. What are your plans? 

School Nurse PRN / Austin ISD - Austin, TX, 73301, USA #jobs #Austin pls RT: Job Summary: The School Nurse PRN… 

I really like the polka dot pair...but I think my money is going to Nike for the Ivory PG1. 

Kendra Fucking Her Worshippers 

GOOD MORNING EAST NASHVILLE Have a great Wednesday!!  

Three ppl unfollowed me bc I stan this adorable ship I'm sad they are the cutest how dare you?!?!! 

Well done Justice Shoukat Aziz Siddique to face Reference against him in Judicial Council 

Someone please make me a chocolate Oreo cake and deliver it bc I'm sad and need junk food thanks

I’ve decided I need to quit my job as a personal trainer because I’m not big enough or strong enough… 

You would love to call it quits early in the day so you can le... More for Cancer 

Please reply with your answer to why Plundertale is the best game ever for the chance to win more Plundertale.

threesome fucking hardcoreanalblack 

Amazing how evil the Obummer administration was throughout its reign of terror. Seems until prison sentences are i… 

Gave you a new name (What's that, what's that?) My respected and equal partner in our healthy relationship

this is a great sampling of one of the coolest techniques Hip Tanaka used in his game soundtracks. 

Who are these #uncircumzied #phillistines who wont accept my #free keiz  #Bible

Tension As Christians In Kaduna Take Up Arms To Fight Fulani Militants  

Find your spirit, and no challenge will keep you from achieving your goals. - Christopher Penn #quote

The Five Beauty and the Beast Characters at Your Vet Clinic | Dr Andy Roark... 

I now own 3 gameworn jerseys from Brampton's 2009 playoff run. Matt Kang, Ken Peroff and Thomas McCollum. 

Ortiz, Betts power Red Sox' opening-day victory #RedSoxOpeningDay #RedSox #RedSox #RedSox  

What a wonderfully different world we'd be living in if he hadn't been robbed of the presidency. 

We'd probably save more lives if we spent more time promoting Bystander CPR than debating the minutiae of cardiac arrest resuscitation.

#NEWS #Armenian Uber: We did not steal Google's self-driving tech - BBC News: BBC News Uber: We did not steal… 

"I AM TIRED OF THESE MUTHAFUCKIN SNAKES ON THIS MOTHAFUCKIN TRAIN!!!" #SnakesOnATrain #NYC #MTA… 

NEW RAPTOR BODY SHELL FOR TRAXXAS E-REVO 1/16 SCALE - AIRBRUSHED  

NEW and FACTORY SEALED DC COMICS SUPER HEROES LEGO SET 76023 BATMAN THE TUMBLER  

Dental Front Office Job Opening in Tewksbury, Massachusetts #Jobs #DentalJobs #Dentist 

Three reasons to stand up: 1. To get the remote 2. To go to the bathroom 3. Because you’re the real Slim Shady.

Thanks to the geniuses who can't throw their crap away and got our break taken. Really wanted a Mountain Dew but now that's not gonna happen

I took my puppy out to pee and she acted like she was too cold then she pissed on my floor  

Just like Caroline I just e mailed the shelter about her she is just scared Please e mail the shelter about her Ca… 

We sell Orijen cat food as well as dog food. Come and see us about the benefits of this food. 227 Eaves Lane... 

I'll have you all know that Maggie was more psyched about me than this photo may suggest.  

T9 - After Reynoso's 1B, the Tigers have reached on an error, 1B by Montoya and 2B by Valdez to score four runs. Tigers break it open

The mytradingbuddy #Blog membership is FREE! Access 500+ #Trading Educational Articles by External Experts >>… 

Of course, nobody should and will ever catch me doing it. Which is the point. Haha and I don’t know how long I’ll keep this up.

I have a feeling princess Nokia gonna be on the freshmen list i see her shit on my timeline constantly

We want to hear from you: Do you think ANC members will vote against Zuma in parliament if a motion of no confidenc… 

Is #Mizner200 "Mizner" enough? Let us know what you think after you read today's #CityWatch #Boca #BocaRaton 

Leaked reports show probability of Raila Odinga being NASA flag bearer  -AR 

The #Celtics are a fucking terrible defensive team. No effort on that end at all.

Of your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and be one more, you are a leader - JohnQuincyAda… 

‘Downton Abbey’ producer writes impassioned letter about public arts funding  #news #entertainment

After listening to the broadway soundtrack, I really love the idea of a Mary Poppins AU with Star as Mary Poppins and Marco as Bert??

"We're not authorized to amend Title VII by interpretation" Interpretation is exactly what you are authorized to do 

..."DON'T HATE ME ONLY LOVE WINS OUR DAYS"... 3rd TIME IS THE CHARM THEY SAY. WHILE THEY UPSET THEMSELVES IN... 

Montreal amateur blond fucked by a brutal dildo machine 

this is just fucking disgusting 

It Ruined My Marriage' 8 People Reveal Why They Absolutely Hate Being Parents 

honestly it rly isn't ideal having a bf that lives 94 miles away when all u want is a cuddle, just a hug plain n simple just cmeer u

Im gonna do it. Im gonna binge watch the one piece anime. Why. Why have i decided to do this. I have deadlines.

Not liking the awful choice of music and shitty camera work in this #IPL2017

This year's book is so hot, we had to have a fire drill. Make sure you order yours so you can check it out!    

To be honest, not many opportunities to dine out with any friends actually come up. Especially with a toddler!  

Reports of rabies death prompts dog elimination in Jembrana, West Bali…  #jembrana #balitoday

What are spiritual disciplines? Why do we talk about them in Lent?  

I feel like this is the perfect time or environment for Eminem to drop a album. Who better is going to put it on a album?

I never understood why student dancers feel like they can surpass the journey of a current teacher; and than... 

Fuck man people Od annoying. I don't wanna chill I would rather be alone than in ur company!!! How do u say that nicely

Sweet #potato #gnocchi with #garlic #tomato sauce - savory tooth  

"Love is the best thing that can happen to a person"  Find many more great Quotes at www.t… 

Jewish Voice for Peace Featured Speakers List a “Who’s Who” of Israel haters via Geller ... 

Garlic Dill Pickles 8 lbs small pickling cucumbers 4 Cups water 4 Cups white vinegar ¾ Cup white sugar ½ Cup... 

It's much more accurate to say that Saudi real-estate bubble has burst, and current prices reflect Market self-correction: SupplyandDemand

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

GENERAL MC MASTER HAS JUST KICKED DRUNK STEVE BANNON OFF THE NATIONAL SECURITY TEAM ! BANNON IS GOING TO GET DRUNK… 

Thots only fuck with niggas who got money or getting the drug money. They'll never fuck with regular dude with a regular job

Yeah I fucked up, but I'm dealing with the consequence not you.

Yes, spreadsheets! This is how I keep track of agents/agencies/submission guidelines/queries/rejections/etc.… 

 This Friday with free workshops from 6pm  Live Sports Bar Le Meridien Hotel cairo airport  <EMOJI>️ 3 free classes... 

#This Startup Is Using Data Analytics And Technology To Solve Social Challenges In India 

Blac Chyna Gushes Over Engagement to Rob Kardashian: 'I'm So Blessed and Honored' #BlacChyna  

hostname: HOST2, date: 2017/04/04 17:22 uptime: 17:22:10 up 46 days, 19:11, 0 users, load average: 0.00, 0.00, 0.00, cpu temp: 62.1°

Bucks Fizz remind me of one of my dads 'Sweedish' films I once found on top of his wardrobe in a secret shoe box #TOTP

I think they're being cautious. If he's still out by Wednesday vs OKC I'll be worried 

You want the ability to be free from other people's demands to... More for Aquarius 

8 Things to Consider to Find the Right Funding Option for Your Startup  #entrepreneur

The doctrine of trinitarian processions gives the Christian life its distinctive character as trinitarian adoption. -Eilers and Strobel

Apr. 5th good morning with lovely narcissus at my neighbours on Wednesday in Kyoto city… 

I've recently completed rewatching "Byousoku 5 Centimeter", My final score: 8/10 -  #Pocket_MAL

This 'Putin as a gay clown' image is now illegal in Russia, so please do not share  

Pretty sure Wheeler has his hands already up during the shot, pretty awesome! 

We come from the House of David, twice, he was Eros, King David, Jesus Christ, poison arrow Cupid, a fucking bitch is you ask me

thought you would bring food to me since its been 4 fucking hours and there is nothing to fucking eat and you fucking know that Jesus

My goal for the day was to close all the rings on my Apple Watch but I really need to capitalize on my 30 days of free Hulu...

Bill O'Reilly's History of Settlements and Harassment Detailed In Scathing New York Times Report - Hollywood Reporter …

Top story: Cramville: Ameerpet, India’s unofficial IT training hub | The Econom…  see more 

14' Both sides trading sets. We're looking solid both with the ball and in defence so far #purplepride

NCPC runs 2017 Easter pilgrimage from April- May,2017  

Haarith i swear don't fucking ignore me now you fucking paki

Fall guy for benghazi, now this. Hope O is paying her good ! Most corrupt adm in years 

50  Never give up on something you believe in. You never know, you might be just another breath away from it! #ALDUBxDTBYSabotahe

CANYON LAKE / QUAIL VALLEY, RESIDENTIAL LOT, POWER, REAL PICS, GREAT INVESTMENT  

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 96 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2 

College Football Saturday or Pro Football Sunday? Help settle this question once and for all!  #TEAMSUNDAYENTRY

Idk where this weight gain coming from but I'm here for it. Keep piling up everybody know I been built like a bratz doll for years

Listen to the inspiring Peter Sellars talk about “THE GOSPEL ACCORDING TO THE OTHER MARY” on #Vimeo 

Partly anyway. Knowing bare man have bun out her clutch. No matter how good things are something will always be at the back of my mind

A new favorite: Montel - First Light (Original Mix) by Gianlo Loria  on #SoundCloud

 Cycling News:  New EU funding for cycling projects in Ireland announced! --

we are wiring small houses and nothing stays connected and it was due by the end of today IM SO DONE

A healthy mouth is the key to better health, as oral infection can be harmful for the entire health. #StayHealthy t… 

Had some fun animating a wireframe/blueprint that we just started this week. #UI #UX 

We had scientists in the past (Hasan Kamel Sabah). We had intellectuals (Jibran). We had secularism.

I will become a cold ass bitch because of my treatment

You might be puzzled today when you realize that your plans ar... More for Aries 

First of all: AAAH IM EXCITED second of all guess whos going to do a reaction video for the new songs ?      

Hey everyone, can I ask you a favour please? I'm researching what people eat for breakfast as part of a project... 

Helped a guy from france get close to the court at the cavs game its awesome to see how happy he was!!

boiiiiiiii I had a dream that I went on a crazy ass roller coaster it was like this or let me draw it out

The Blueprint, Late Registration, Friday Night Lights, Thug Motivation 101, and No Ceilings. #lifechanging    

Like I just wanna walk out of work and go be in my fucking solitude.  

Masahiro Tanaka posted the worst Opening Day start in Yankees history #Basketball 

Do you own a #mutt? They make some of the best #dogs!  

Vuln: radare2 'libr/bin/p/bin_bflt.c' Remote Heap Buffer Overflow Vulnerability 

Why? ‘Build that wall?’ Some Canadians are calling for more border control, too. 

  this registration form says "5k chipped time race - $30, Sleep in For The Cure - $35" who doesn't want to run a 5k?? #RunSquad #RunPGH    

#BuyPayoff #Amazon #AmazonProducts #BestBuy Goody Styling Essentials Bobby Pins, Brown, 3 ...… 

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Cause it don't pay to inform your own, it's more profitable to point the finger at the white man all the time and not take any ownership.

"It's your responsibility to report on what the Labour Party are saying!" Yeah, that's one of the fucking problems Jeremy!

"What's wrong with you?" "Nothing at all." Tail swish... "Your tail says otherwise." "I don't have a tail."

Udah bagus pun nggak ahahahahahahahahcrap whoever you are, if you able to enter an english course or something, use it well.

Californication: fucking and punching 2.0 

Sprint goes all in on its unlimited data plan - For years, Sprint offered users willing to switch from another ... 

My new operating system has arrived! #ketoOS #ketomorning #chocolateswirl #optimized - 

Grandma barred from going to prom with her grandson, no one over 20 allowed. Should adults be allowed to attend pro… 

Denise: I can't wait to see you fucked up Me: Mothers probably shouldn't say things like that

Shifting Green: How small changes in design and functionality can save the world  

Today was my last day at children's as a "volunteen" and it's finally hit that a whole lot is ending this year.

He looks like he's explaining something with his slow drawl and I'm just...I can't 

Celtics lead the Cavaliers 20-19 at the end of the 1st. CLE: K Irving 6pts, 0reb, 1ast BOS: I Thomas 12pts, 3reb, 0ast (ESPN) …

knockknock0408: [HQ] 170406 XIUMIN cr.OXO   

Congratulations to everyone involved!! Great launch! Excited to, as Nearshore Systems, be part of this promising par…

Join the Experience Club for the chance to win amazing prizes from Lighting in a Bottle. #LIB… 

YouTube has taken this video down, but here is the video anyway. #FreeSyeTen #Sweeden 

I hate when people are salty as fuck for no reason man  

omg yesterday i told my friend someone died in htgawm AS A JOKE and then they actUALLY FUCKING DIED WTF 

I'm mad I'm not getting any dick DURING vacation tf 

Goldberg will retain the Universal Championship at #WrestleMania. Who do you think will win? 

3Novices:The Trust Virus: The Future Of Brands And Giving  Hate politics, fake news, alternative facts, inaccurate…

When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. KISSES SlayOnMegMag

i only tweet when i'm double drunk, so my tweets have twice as much quality and street cred in them.

I've just posted on my Blog about: #BookBlitz ----> Blood and Thorne --- 

I need to add email option in my website in which when sender send the message then confirmation will come into th… 

It's OK if I fall, it's OK if I cry, we will continue our journey, yes going beyond PLUS ULTRAA! - Izuku Midoriya  

I just don't know why some people keep sweating me after they've made it so clear I don't mean nothing to them

#Samsung VR TVC featuring an Ostrich taking off is quiet nice #DoWhatYouCant 

It pisses me off like IM SUPPOSED TO BE MAD AT YOU AND YOU ARENT HELPING 

exhibit 2346753653 on how boys ain't shit and will always be pathetic 

New #job: General Manager (Transport) Location: Corby Salary: £45kpa - £55kpa ..  #jobs #career #jobsearch

Everything seems to be falling into place today. However, ther... More for Taurus 

Could someone put themselves in a coma without medicine or brain trauma? by Keira Jones 

Number crunching for the past day - 2 new followers and NO unfollowers. Stats via 

Get ready for the next battle! Damn it, Funko. I'm gonna end up getting the whole series.… 

#TheVoiceNigeria hits The Jewel of the East today! LOCATION: Universal Hotel, 3 Aguleri Street,… 

Do not dwell in the #past, do not dream of the #future, concentrate the mind on the #present moment. 

Kylie if its a girl Chuckie (The drink not the scary killing doll) #DTBYCluelessSinag 

Hottie Lady Snow Fucking Everthing 

- (except for Arwyn, who had been unknown to me), I had been given hand-me-downs wrapped in paper, almost nothing was really mine -

Not too late to grab tix for tonight's Kegs for Kittleman event at Jailbreak Brewing Company in Laurel: 

"harrowing" to fight against insecure work and a lack of employment rights? Jesus wept... 

London News Search (Georgia Love prefers to keep her private life private) 1 London - 

NBC Confirms Obama Administration Officials Saved Trump-Russia Probe Docs | Zero Hedge 

Enquiry for David in September collect on 10/09/2017 #Durham #HoughtonLeSpring #MotorhomeForHire Link:… 

I'm so sick of this cold weather bullshit for no reason. Either bring on Christmas or cold weather gtfo and let's have summer again.

Happy 5th bday to this guy!! Best pic I could get. me: do u feel like u r 5? Nico: no bc I haven't lost a tooth yet. 

This guy in high school use to call me "anorexis" because I was so skinny and I hated it. But now I'm "obesxis" and wouldn't mind goin back  

(Met) WSPD: 14 kn / GST: 16 kn / WVHT: 4.9 ft / DPD: 10.0 s / WDIR: 80° / ATMP: 39° F / WTMP: 40° F / 11:50a EDT

I'm sick I ain't even know that nigga rocked Bobby Boucher jersey from water boy

i've just walked up one flight of stairs at college but the way i'm breathing you'd think i'd hiked kilamanjaro or sumit

I just did a BuzzFeed quiz titled "Build Your Dream Vegan Taco Salad and We'll Tell You If You Wasted Your Time On This Quiz!" Answer: Yes.

❝ — Yeah, I'm looking forward to see your dead body and throw them as a titan bait. ❞ 

Person: hi Me: but Robin! Why aren't we talking about Robin? He's so damn talented and Beautiful. His performance as Oswald is amazing, he-

What You Should Charge As A Therapist When You Serve Minimum Wage Earners to Millionaires 

Also, last time I checked, God would rather have the LGBT community than Bryan. 

#Bradford #ass hooker #sexdating #fisting fucking #directchat #camgirl cumslave #kikswap #nakedselfie 

This may seem far fetched, but what if the rebels did this to antagonize US into attacking Assad? Sarin would have… 

niggas be fucking me over not knowing what they got   bettttttttttt

Harnett Ce 11 Garner 12 [Bottom 6th] [0 Out] [0 balls] [0 strikes] ... No one on [P: #14 Jenna Comly] [B: #3 Susan Jones]

fuck boys get money all day long!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Poor baby    they probably sitting there eating some nasty ass peanut butter and jelly sandwichs with juice boxs 

They can extract diplomatic favors from the oil and gas plants that are paid a lot of chemical agents. There is a fucking catastrophe.

Accident blocks 2 right lanes in #Humble on 69 eastex Fwy Outbound at Will Clayton Pkwy, stop and go traffic back to The N Sam Houston Pkwy

DEDEDESTRUCTION is doing weird motions with her hands. She crouches down and is emitting weird noises. Then her e… 

Haha my friends are going Coldplay concert later. I looking at their ig pic. You all better go wild later. XD

There's no need to apologize she came for you while you were minding you business 

Pioneer Bulk Sheet Protectors for 12 x 12 Pages (Pack of 25)  

Marijuana In the Midwest? Nebraska Lawmakers Consider Cannabis Legalization | by dispensariescom 

We've Seen Some Crazy Plastic Surgery Cases Before, But Theirs Is Out Of This World 

7' Baker receives the ball on the five-meter line and rounds the touch-line defender for TRY TIME!!! What a run! #USA 14-0 #RUS #HK7s

Art - Art Therapy - Art Activism  news and blogs from artists, art therapists, and activists. #vitalizeone

Christianity Idlib Do 1 thing 4 urself 2day tht will help u n future #Spiritual #Leader #QuranSays by Br.… 

Beautiful Blonde Teacher Is In Real Trouble For Doing This In Police Custody 

#JeSuisCharlie Those were the days. Speech is free -- but you don't have to listen.... 

Love this guy. Really helped unseat Elspeth, Sun’s Champion as the queen of everything. Fun gameplay. He also looks… 

Identifying Genetic Mutations That Can Predict Transplant Outcome in Patients With Myelodysplastic Syndromes 

#YourMoneyMindReSet #RepeatAfterMe I take the time to be an improvement on every day... for all the people and... 

bangkok's are the fucking bomb 

Any chance of you not trying to use it as a cockring?! Stop telling people to call you 'Diamond Dick'… 

You might end up in a heated exchange with someone close to yo... More for Scorpio 

Everything seems to be falling into place today. However, ther... More for Taurus 

Boo Fucking hoo scumbag! <EMOJI>️ “Report: Steve Bannon threatened to quit if removed from the National Security Council” 

Gee. Wonder if Putin's using Putin tactics by planting St Petersburg bomb himself as a rally around me distraction.

Lifted this morning after work. Quick 2mi run when I woke up. Now on a bike tonight. #beastmode #prayforme… 

Fame And The Game: Why Your Big Name IP Doesn't Guarantee Success.. Related Articles: 

2017 Toronto Blue Jays Predictions | MLB Betting Season Preview and Odds March 17, 2017, by James Hayes… 

Whenever you feel weak, remember the things that made you strong; whenever you start to doubt yourself, remember those who believe in you.

See everyone at Athletes Supporting Athletes Softball tonight to celebrate! #OneTeam 

if yo bestfriend dont call/act like ur girlfriend when she see a ugly nigga trynna yike w u at a party they aint your bestfriend, period.

I knew he was fucking with her I knewwww it #LhhATL

Locally Sourced News— The Politics of Education: For The Open BOE Seat, Only  #a2politico #adamhollier #annarbornews

Yeah put us on TV when west broms 6'5 fucking lanky twats bin every set piece they get and rondon turns into prime… 

Retrial for Cochrane man accused of sexually abusing stepdaughters ends in guilty verdict 

Senior Citizens Programme educating older #SouthKorea residents #dogs are #friendsnotfood via dear #HelpNamiKim   

I can't believe I'm seeing Hamilton this weekend!!   I'm seriously freaking out 

Hide Ya Kids! Asa Soltan Says She Won’t Be Sharing Photos Of Son Soltan Jackson 

I mean.... it'd be fair to say that I (MBG) think you look like a likely suspect..... but other than that there's no rhyme or reason.

Get notifications from merchants Drive to navigation using google Map app "GeoFinder"  # mobile

UNWTO welcomes Sustainable Tourism collaboration between Guanajuato and Paraguay 

Initial plan was to pick up bf from tampines.     End up sampai orchard sak   Google map is my friend now 

Me pretending to do work when my mum walks in my room when I was actually watching Monsta X 

SCCS has been nominated for Safe Prom Campaign by iHeartMedia and Romano Auto Dealerships. Please vote for SCCS at… 

I love you. From mountains high, to waters deep. And this love outruns the longest of rivers, surpasses the... 

Annika Albrite Gets Her Hairy Pussy Fucked 

In the bottom part of the sixth inning the EC Warriors now lead with a score of 6-1 against the LAHC Seahawks. #eccunion

#fucking through yoga pants play with your pussy 

Susan Rice's alleged unmasking requests not so routine, ex-officials say - Fox News 

OK, let this be a lesson that if you are going to give someone a piece of your mind that they don't have digital ac… 

Eugene is going to die I can feel it in my gut too. I wouldn't really care anyway hahaha #thewalkingdead

i don't show my face because i want my art to be the main focus. if that means people calling me ugly then it's whatever, my arts beautiful.

   You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.     Everyone follow me, I'll follow back, ( if you…… 

Osceola Schools referendum fails to pass OSCEOLA, Wis. - The Osceola School District is facing cuts after resident… 

I don't edit my pics cause y'all already know my ugly ass in person

Be a light, live for Jesus and pray for those off track! Prov 24:1 "Do not be envious of immoral people, nor desire to be with them"

Controversial star confirms boyfriend's identity months after ending 32 year marriage:  

let me guess... you want me... ...to go find your fucking head

Korean skincare is really becoming a thing and they're not even that great lol, people are just jumping on the hype. Only a few are good.

Bitch keep on   my reaction bouta pop off bad on you    ‍

tattooed babe rachel starr fucking 

Features editor Archer Parquette reveals the dichotomy between the extent of his self-expression at BC and at home. 

Rick and Kathy Hilton Say Too Soon to Tell If Paris Will Marry New BF (VIDEO)  

Don the Con in a depressive minute.no peoples around him he is down and he don't take his Prozac only a vibrator in his ass change nothing !

+I only own two BRAS and have not washed it in 3 months- Twitter Reacts after Beautiful lady opens up (Pics) 

MPTC lines up P153B infra works: P23.3B NLEx-SLEx Connector Rd, P55.9B CALAx, P11.7B Cavitex C5 South and P27.9B Cebu-Cordova Link Expressway

This was a proportionate response by the United States. It is not designed to overthrow the Assad regime...… 

Happy birthday to the fucking legend, bulbasaur. He's a rare Pokémon I swear, 21 years of age and he never looked… 

emotional state making him lonely which will put him out of his misery and make him hopeless which will make him suicidal due to sadness

Do not listen to those on the far-right of this discussion who are peddling what are clearly lies meant to mislead.

happy birthday to our big baby!! a visually blessed and incredibly talented man, we love you very much!… 

hate group assignments because everyone leaves shit last minute as if you dont have a life outside of school like wtf

 #1W1Lツ  What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise   Oscar Wilde 

Look out for our Big Red Van delivering Tiles "Free of Charge" to the Sevenoaks Area! 

Drinking Water Scarcity At Nilgiri, People Suffer As There Is No Water In Da (pls RT↺) ️️  #p

Great opportunity to #Learn and #TakeNotice during a super stressful week! Also pretty birds!    

PIB_India : RT dpradhanbjp: Met Dr IEABirol, the Head of International Energy Agency IEA along with MinOfPower Shr…… 

In hood posted like light pole dey use to call us track   stars  b4 da cars stopped we rann to dem cars      

Hii I'm big fan Aksey Kumar.. Miss you Aksey paji and all family please help me.. All Acterce 

My username is about to fucking rise 

in 2012/2013 we could win if we still have Robin cunt Persie. at that time we dont have strikers who experience enough to win the league

"Every time one chooses 'the opposite' of the relational dynamics of the parental complexes, the more one is bound to them still." ~Hollis

But I like to think.. I can cheat it all.. To make up for the times I've been cheated on..!! 

Advertisers on #snapchat will now have access to goal based bidding for app install ads 

A timely reminder for those heading off (or continuing) holidays around Australia just now... or just looking... 

Precious 2017 Filly by CD Diamond out of MK Cats Lil Kitty, LTE: $43,820, by High Brow Cat. 

that would require you knowing anything about nonwhite cultures (besides japan since i know youre a fucking weeb) 

As much as people are freaking out about Trump dropping bombs, Hillary would have dropped bombs on Syria 65 days ago.

it's seriously preposterous just how centered meditation and exercise have been keeping me these days

Awesome! British Heart Foundation Furniture and Electrical can be found at United Kingdom places website  #FURNITURE

Jisoo said that Rosé was really sad when she got elimknated on Masked Singer and almost cried, Rosé said that it was cos she was too nervous

I can't fucking do any stone talus fight and it's making me mad

#Brexit #UK #economy shows resilience as manufacturing Jumps-naysayers befuddled 

#SurvivorGameChangers thoughts: Brad has been really redeeming himself this season and I wouldn't hate if he went far

Greatest present ever: everyone stops culture appropriating. It'll never happen, but that would be great.

Whoa. Mega thread on theft of the White House orchestrated by Mercer/CambridgeAnalytica Four month research projec… 

Also had my first real creative burst in a while today, wrote a sappy song for my bf of course lmao. Today is good 

I lowkey can speak Spanish . Because me and my Spanish customers be having full conversation, laughing and everything lol .

In escalating turf war, food delivery apps move to the suburbs - The San Diego Union-Tribune 

cree gets on my nerves cause she be putting gas in my car but i love her cause she be putting gas in my car lol  

Doing well! Last kid graduates in May from OU. I tell Angie that those giant models are our children now.

Cost Saving Tips for Landscaping, Design and Decor  #realestate #sandiego 

karenjp0915 : Self-advocates making it happen! NDSS #BWW2017 #advocacymatters #able2work #makingadifference… … 

My husband thinks there should be a cross-over between Big Bang Theory and Naked and Afraid!! Umm no.

Like no, as soon as I hear that attitude and disrespect, Just know I'm getting closer to losing my job  

[Epping] Meganium (F) (IV: 51%) until 01:29:58AM at 13 Angus Ave  

[Press Release] The Etat de #Genève, #Meyrin and #CERN are announcing the start of work on the Esplanade des Particules

atleast once a year. It's wild that schools smaller and with less money than us can put on these big concerts and we can't/ won't.

I know she's got that dumb moralizing crusade against porn but like... we're not in hiding bitch lol.

I can't believe prison break starts in 9 fucking minutes LETS GOOOOOOOO

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

Millions of people will suffer and die -- not just from bombs, but also from starvation and disease. They're dying right now.

The fact that I've been a relationship and faithful for years ... just to break up over some dumb shit throws me off mentally lmao  

By:  Priya Rai busty indian babe oiled up and fucked ha 

HDVPass Chelsie Rae gets throat fucked and pussy poked 

"And also, I'm not racist, I once drove past a black guy and didn't reach for my gun."     

PSA TO ALL DANCE ACADEMY MEMBERS: IF YA PEP RALLY COSTUME AINT THE COLOR OF THE 100 SIGN EMOJI.. DONT BOTHER BRINGING IT TO SKOOL  ‍

bought this when I visited Hershey PA. I am so excited to try Dunkin Donuts Creamer. #MakeItPerfect #sponsored 

Fear, prejudice and gut reactions: is that the future for our politics? | Rafael Behr 

shit well bitch you can let your sugar daddy choke you until you find yourself in hell you want to talk about people's feelings now for what

Found a Transponder Snail! Davyback Fight!! Straw Hats vs. Foxy Pirates!  #TreCru 

I had a video that was marked by YouTube as not advertiser-friendly. I'm not sure why, but I'm flattered that they even care.

Fried Cabbage Recipe    Please say something when you see the recipe! Saying ANYthing is good, it helps you... 

#NowPlaying September Morn by Neil Diamond at  #oldies #lovesongs #classicrock 

Terrible officiating...but what can you do. I'll take an ACC victory. (But hate to see Gonzaga players cry  )

drinking mate while i listen to my nct-rv-snsd playlist fucking yes

"The saddest death for humans is not the death of itself, but the death of their loved ones." #BotBermamfaat

Neighbour got a puppy and I haven't even been closer than a 100m or so but I already love it. Saw it jumping around its owner this morning  

Lead Architect - Quantitative Analytics: Thomson Reuters Canada Limited (Toronto ON): "software is developed on… 

she is a very honest person. both with herself and ... — I mean Yeah but you don't have to lower a guys conf... 

VIDEO: Dame Stella Rimington on the conflict between #security and democracy at #RSAC 2017 

#Labyrinth Movie: Check out the official plot synopsis of Labyrinth, the upcoming biography crime thriller movie...… 

Niggas sellin' re-rock I can hear the Federales tryna eavesdrop A 100 bands in the sneak box I MAKE A BAD BITCH... 

Bitch im getting drunk andNOOne is giving me attention i hate my life

some people are such cowards they leave without telling you because they're too scared to face the consequences

sitting on a cock and she gets plowed real fucking well 

I'm normally not this guy, but LaVar Ball's comments on UCLA not being able to win bc they "played 3 white guys all year" (1)

#cumtribute if you wanna cumtribute pics of me dm me ( make sure to read my bio ) i don't let you cum on nudes unless your dick is huge !! 

Well why don't you tell me why you're obsessed with the crappy singer Justin Beiber? You don't hate on my shit and I don't hate on yours.

bitch I opened instagram and for a split second I was like oh who's this qt and it was my ex 

Cougar bride pussylicked and fucked 

Now that basketball is done, let's cheer for #TeamUSA Women's Hockey since they are kicking ass!! Beat Russia and Finland #GirlPower

Just had surgery. Nana comes over and makes me laugh to the point of tears. Now I'm in pain. Totally worth it. Fkn love you nan!

Thoughtful Thanks Thursday! Go Venus Williams...keep up the great swing!!!  

Putney Bridge: World War Two bomb discovered in Thames on Boat Race route  ^EveningStandard 

I still want to buy buy cannot find this sweatshirt! Missed the boat in 2015. 

So you ghosted someone, but now you want to hit them up. How does one un-ghost?   Also, can it be called "material… 

Do it then you fucking melt    #wolfofwetarseville #notevenfunny #idtellhimbutimblocked #pissesmeoff 

I think I will take my bike out today for the first time this year. Thames Path probably. 

  Which Facebook Live phase are YOU in? Freeze-frame? Fear? Can't get a word out? Confusion?  … 

So happy my fiddle leaf figs made the move and are doing well:  

Still can't get over the fact my Nan and grandad found a fucking sawed-off shotgun wrapped in a blanket under their shed

North Carolina fan really sinks her teeth into supporting the Tar Heels  #Technology 

Sometimes your commitment to fulfilling your obligations is re... More for Taurus 

Updated 4 accuracy. "My friends think I'm a doctor because of the white coat. I am not. I'm super into Marvel Comi… 

"#Macron is the candidate of the nothing, the candidate of the void, of words adjacent to each other, but that don'… 

Pic: Mama June from 'Here Comes Honey Boo Boo' is like a new person after dramatic weight loss… 

Assistant Kelly Skyline Getting Fucked On The Table 

I can't wait to be at a spot in my life to say the sentence "I mean, not that it matters at all, but is it still happy hour?"

"I'm about to be 45 it's about time I wife and baby up a lady then find me a young 20 year side piece."

8ml Arte Clavo Nail Art Soak Off UV Gel Nail Polish Manicure Kit AC-S 1465  

It isn't cheating if y'all both fucking people and know it.  

By not letting release 2 of the biggest movies in ur country u r actually 'apne hi pairon pe kulhadi maar rahe ho'

I really do feel very lucky to know so many kind and gentle people, I've had such blast, it's been incredible. Thank you everyone   

Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Pueblo, CO?  #Physician #Hiring 

Oh my god my dad is so fucking annoying oh my FUCKKKK

People who retweet their on shot or put like for like hashtags etc on insta are fucking greasy smeggy begs

Before European Christians Forced Gender Roles, Native Americans Acknowledged 5 Genders 

CNN : Don Rickles put his insult comic skills to use during this 1985 CNN interview  

I have matured. I still am. I realize not just communicating my issues with you was a mistake. But also THANK YOU you have stuck with me

(Wave) SWELL: 5.3 ft at 16.7 s W / WIND WAVE: 3.0 ft at 9.1 s WNW / WVHT: 6.2 ft / APD: 10.6 s / MWD: 267° / 12:41p PDT

The Top 25 “Next in Tech” Cities Fostering Startup Growth [Infographic]: #cities #ecosystems #rankings #Startups 

– I was too shy to become your sun, so I became a cold moon 

Closed Buy $EURUSD 1.06669 for +3.5 pips, total for today +3.5 pips #Forex #EDCodeX  

Glad that's over, though I can't promise that I won't reply if ever I see another dumbass comment out there about the issue

the lazers from this set had me sooo fucked up   

Thanks to PELIVAN and Ms. Kendra Sue Montana, Linda Reed and her sister, arrived safely in Lone Wolf, OK on... 

Yo TL can anyone splice/edit music that can help me or do me a huge favor??? (it's for non commercial use)

Don't you fucking DARE!!! #TWDFinale #TheWalkingDead

I was sick all the fucking time and still going to class 

Dismay at Liam Fox claim UK has 'shared values' with Duterte's brutal regime 

Kiss my taint til you get to "heaven" fucking weirdo 

Hard to debate this, even from the perspective of my own "deputy-level" position. 

I thought the trending "Philippine Army" is PH A.R.M.Y's and about BTS, because it's #ARMYSelcaDay  

Sometimes your commitment to fulfilling your obligations is re... More for Taurus 

CNN: Her topless 1,000-mile walk seemed a storyteller’s dream -- until reality and her words got in the way… 

My mother and boyfriend are something else. They made plans for this weekend while I was at work    

I don't know why but I don't like black pink that much. Maybe it's because fans ship Black Pink and BTS a lot.

This 10 Minute Video Should End Hillary's Campaign for President  #hillary #warmonger #WW3

2 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 3 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you 

It baffles me how people lack some of the basics in psychology and resort back to just being selfish.

Just waited for the starbucks bathroom and this guy came out and BITCH let me tell you HE BLEW THIS MF UP it stinks so bad in here

Welcoming our new client Great Plains Veterinary Services located in Arcadia/Edmond on Rt 66. Mobile Services... 

Still having trouble marketing your business? Let us help you. Call now to schedule your Free 30 min. Consultation!… 

  HOME RUN! Luke Shadid goes yard for a two-run shot and ties the game with Milwaukee at 2. 

I FUCKING TRIED TO LEAVE THIS FANDOM FOR FUCKING 2 YEARS IM ON HIATUS AND EVEN MISSED EXOLUXIONINMALAYSIA #5YearswithEXO

Just another artsy book photo! What are you reading tonight? (Apart from this tweet, obviously!) #bookstagram… 

Why was it HER (Susan Rice) to monitor Trump? We'd all liketo know. It was to bury him, nothing more. 

Bracken House Weather at 16:00 - Temperature: 18°C→ Humidity: 49%↓ Pressure: 1,020.5mb→ Wind: 3mph→ from the SSW. Daily rain: 0.0mm.

Prayers up for the innocent lives lost in #Syria Our condolences to the families who lost loved ones during this senseless attack!  

I'm chewing ice on Discord and now KG just hears the crunch and slurp of satisfaction. I like the cronch.

If u want something you would do anything for it,I work my hardest to I still got a long way to go 

pantyhose college girls fucking 

Getting ready to talk at a packed house for the candidate forum! Stay tuned to hear the Q's and A's.

As for the humans who were knocking at our door at 5am, why the fuck hey??! So annoying 

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!  #TreCru 

wth, what talent do you have? all you do is act ghetto and disrespect people 

Fresh #RealMadrid HUMILIATION! Cops chase James into training HQ... #RealMadrid 

It's not about making one choice; Everyone can make one choice. It's about managing that decision every day. #JMTeam 

This month's theme is all about the various industries.Participate in our "Monthly Themed Questions of the Day" con… 

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

#SitWitMe in Union Square Park.    <EMOJI>️ DID YOU KNOW: This impressive bronze equestrian portrait… 

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

50% of people believe sex is the connecting of two people's souls through two people's bodies, as one. The other 50% are men.

Life for Flynn and Valerie hadn't always been easy #KindleUnlimited #RockRomance  

#Games #_Persona_5_explained_Is_this_100_hour_game_for_you ‘Persona 5’ explained: Is this 100-hour game for you… 

Indian Babe And Her Girlfriend Fucking With Their Boyfriend 

Cleared: Tractor Trailer Accident - ORANGE #I95 North 0.33 miles beyond Exit 41 (MARSH HILL RD) at 4/3/2017 4:48:04 PM

Transfer News: Arsenal join Chelsea and Manchester City in pursuit of Bayern Munich midfielder Kingsley Coman 

Hannah was a smart girl, beautiful, but so damaged by other ppl. I can't imagine giving have nots that much power. #ThirteenReasonsWhy

ofc tsjf is on hiatus during my break aka the only time i can actually stay up to watch the show and not be tired

Trying to decide if it's worth adding the $8.99 to my Prime subscription so I can watch American Gods when it comes out.

Did you know that Managua is the largest city in Nicaragua regarding both population and size?!... 

Listening to #MaidOfSteal podcast recap S2E17 #DistantSun - Helicopter Parenting 

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid pics from the Alubarna Palace Baths!  #TreCru 

People always wanna blame the server for their food being fucked up and then not tip like we were the ones who cooked it

i fucking hate explaining like who i am to people that dont know. like i just expect them to already know and they dont

how u gonna get mad at me for being in a relationship?    yall so used to slimy ass bitches and then wanna be mad that i claim my man   

The fucking state of these folk.   

Migos' Offset Blasts XXXTentacion for Claiming Drake Stole His Flow  

#pierced porn stars fucking gallerie 

If you feel you're a victim of unfair "character assassination", to do the same to others is a horrible and disgusting irony. #sarnia

Are you ready for the weekend? Either way, enjoy the day and these beautiful #primula #flowers!… 

Its also because Nintendo focus too much their care on Fire Emblem that they do now ignore Advance Wars forever. No offense i love FE too

Another fucking blown lead. I hope we dont make the damn playoffs. This is awful. We don't fucking deserve it. 

Armiece stupid ass got the jokes           

I have finally mastered the act of reviving myself from severe deaths. Look at how he slays every bit of my soul. 

We Post A Lot Of Abandoned Places. But What’s Inside This House Might Be The Best One Yet.  

This is the killer comment: if you treat the media badly don't complain if they give you a whack back 

A wild 91% Snubbull [Tackle/Crunch] has appeared! Despawns at 10:03:23am! Time left: 23m 53s. 

X<•>X<•>X<•>X the seven trans women among Americans now murdered in 2017 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~#transvisibility #trans rig… 

Fuck off is Sean coming lolicon with us how my supposed to get layed with shoe starer next to me cock blocking

While this is funny as fuck, kinda portrays the reporters asking him questions like... well like children    

I don't miss you. I don't miss you. I don't miss you. I don't miss you. I don't miss you. Who am I kidding, I really fucking miss you. ?

I COULDNT HAVE DEALT W THIS! MY PATIENCE AND TOLERANCE FOR STUPID BITCHES LIKE THIS IS NONEXISTENT. 

There is a method to your madness as you attempt to keep every... More for Leo 

I have 30 minutes to do whatever I want After that, I need to start getting ready, shcool starts at 8:30 AM

VodafoneIN: PitanshuPriy We assure you that we are working on your concern and will have it resolved soon. - Roshan

Be aware of these road closures ahead of the Texas Relays in Austin this weekend:  

Tech: UBER RESPONDS: Google claims about stolen technology are a total ‘misfire’ (GOOG, GOOGL) 

"The way them titties sag milk done gone bad bitch I promise he ain't coppin"

MST3K's New Villain Felicia Day Explains How a Simple Act of Evil Got Her the Role 

uMalume #Gwede tho haha  #Mantashe: uBaba was right 2 fire PG, we knew about the reshuffle last year Media: But las… 

This generation is fucked like    

Apple iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED SPECIAL EDITION 128GB Unlocked. MSG ME OFFERS!!  

I'm your ice cream man.. stop me when I'm passin' by...  

You might be gleefully anticipating a day off, only to be conf... More for Aquarius 

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

I was going to work on my taxes, but instead I figured out how to set up a "cat tree" alert on craigslist.

Buying a home may be your largest financial commitment. Which loan is best for your situation? 

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

Chemistry isn't about messing around with colourful liquids in glassware. Until it is :) #edchatie 

hey jessmorgan, you may want to check  for latest updates on #MusicFestival   

Got these brought up from the US. Liberty Orchards Dessert Delights! Basically Turkish… 

5 rules of a relationship: 1. Stay faithful. 2. Make them feel wanted. 3. Respect your partner. 4. Don't flirt with… 

No time to relax 2 year left ,preparation from corruption, price hike,sanghi terrorism ,institution ,economic disas… 

Saudis wanted a pipeline through Syria, Assad said no chance, Saudis give $230 mill. to Hillary, Assad must go! #simples

S I S T T T A R SISTAR BABY STOP BREAKING MY HEART (OH NO) YOU HEARD ME NO MORE NEXT TIME I HOPE YOU GOT THAT BOY

When heard Mike Flynn a snitch. Trump might get impeached. Dave Meyers getting his props and Kendrick dropped a ban… 

New York’s subway is by far the least wheelchair-friendly public transit system of any major U.S. city. 

im so emo abt nu'est i fuckin hate pledis for doing this to them 

California woman accused of murder released after friends raise $35m bail  

What is the point of that?   it's dumb to text someone just because you want to say "I hate you" fuckin stupid

Buying a #Health #insurance at a young age is an advantage as one would exhaust the waiting periods before the need arises to make a #claim.

You may wonder why the actions that once earned you recognitio... More for Leo 

Alexandra fucked in the kitchen 

When you were with me, you were obsessed with her. It gave you kicks knowing someone likes you way too much.

Wanna swoop in your white charger and save the day? Stop the nightmares, the phantom limb pains? Restore what's lost?

Unfortunately you weren't the only victim... R.I.P to those 7 other people... 

#ContactUs 2700 Glades Circle Suite 127. Weston #Florida 33327 #USA.   754-216.4105 #business 

Hold on a fucking minute. Is this owl airbending? 

Feel lucky and inspired to have listened to this team's story last Wednesday. 

Lighten - Brainstorming and Mind Mapping by XMind - XMind Ltd.  #AdsDEVEL #ITunes_Affiliate_Program #AdsDEVEL

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Packing for a journey; hmmmm. May have to remove items. One book can come along. O the tough choices! Advice, peeps? #travel #amreading

No. 2 *looking for a factor 30 suncream* 'why don't you buy two factor 15's and use them both at the same time, then it makes a 30'

Barça in Liga have always scored in their games against Sevilla (seven games) and Lucho's won every single home game against them (W3). [opta]

21 Things To Know As Buhari Unveils Economic Recovery and Growth Plan  

I hate the days when even being squirrel doesnt keep me from being lonley....I have always been shy and have... 

On-demand dog walking startup Wag quietly raised funding from General Catalyst and Sherpa Ventures 

It is Amazing what You Can Accomplish If you Do Not Care Who Gets The Credit. MAYWARD GratefullyBlessed

Through the jungle of hate and over the snakes and enemies, get to your goal. Fuck em. They can't stop you.  

I'm sick of waking up to news about Trump and Co. fucking things up 

Fisher-Price Little People Farm Zoo Tractor Wagon Gates and More 16 Piece Lot  

UPDATE: Second Link near Tuas Checkpoint still jammed. Will add 16m to your drive #kltu  

Here's proof that Ryzen can benefit from optimized game code - PCWorld  #technology

I dont trust McCain bloody situational liar. Helped broker isis w al-qaeda. Like snitching makes you an expert on d… 

For the science guys: Carbon Dioxide Could Reach Levels Unseen in 50 Million Years 

he looks like a prince wow, goodnight I love jungkook with everything I have and I hope he's healthy and happy 

I Never Tried Figuring Out Why Other People Are Happy I Just Let Them Enjoy Or Just Mind My Buisness  

"I am so fucking nauseas... is that a word? Nauseas?"  

FB Per Inter Ke Ik Date Sheet Chal Rahe Hai wo FAKE Hai, Note : Inter K Papers Ke Date Filhal 28th April Hai,... 

Some outtakes from a video project for work #strongwomen #strongisthenewskinny… 

“Arnie would know there’s cameras and microphones about – but why would he care, if you’re allowed to do it?”… 

the results are... disheartening, it's true. but they don't surprise me. please forgive me for sounding jaded, but that's how i feel.

I'm receiving some lovely photos for my #stronger music video! Get involved, send me yours, I'm stronger because...… 

YOU FOOLISH ASS UGLY ASS STUPID ASS FAT ASS ORANGE ASS RACIST ASS HYPOCRITE ASS 

Is diversity to blame for Marvel's sales slump – or just a lack of imagination? 

i know how difficult is to accommodate all requests, and that my prayer it's one more in the crowd but jack and jack, i'll never give up

Felt like crying tonight when realising I've lost a year of voice memos! I use these for everythingandthey didn't back up..... soooo sad :-(

#147 Dratini (Dragon Breath/Wrap 14/8/3 - 55.56%) None Pinetum Trail L9H 5Y6, 10:43:44pm (28m 41s left) 

if u bring up curry when talking about mvp then you're actually retarded

MACHINE : PINNACLEYEAR : 2009CONTROL : MITSUBISHI M70TRAVEL : 1000 -..For more info visit...  

im mad the tracks for shadow the hedgehog are my shitty 2000s aesthetic

story of boy fucking his mom 

Trump Lashes Out With Grade-School Insults And Conspiracy Theories As Russia Story Rages On - 

Kneepads Pig flavored lubricant A three-foot hoagie, heavy mayo A blow-up Ayn Rand doll w an audio loop "Man's w… 

#business #wednesdaywisdom #MIHW Damen submits tender for Australian OPV ships 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️ APPOINTMENTS AVAILABLE TOMORROW (FRIDAY)  CUT AND BLOWDRY - 10:30am,3:30pm,... 

But I looked doubtingly, and, at the latter to love; it was impossible to any time; to feel only was the most hateful.

Just wah chill out with my bad bitches and watch tv  

I wonder which scandal these cruise missiles are supposed to distract us from. Trump must have inherited Bill Clinton's playbook.

i ordered this beanie baby called the end because the message on the tag is fucking ominous 

im fucked up homie you fucked up but if god got us then we gon be alright

hbd. we haven't gotten a pic together since 2014 so i have to keep recycling it. hope u get a nice bday present fro… 

Masterful balance to round off World Table Tennis Day. We hope you had a fun day celebrating our wonderful sport... 

Here’s Everything That Happened At This Year’s Mega Food Event, The Lahore Eat! 

Payton Leigh gets fucked in a couple of positions 

Please RT #interiordesign #homedecor #decoration Indoor Picnic Tables for Work, Gathering, Eating or Play… 

"I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people." -Mohaw|as K. Gandhi

#ugly lesbians porn sissy men fucked 

Fans pages for Mani and felina in Instagram..       Paaaaaaaaaaa.... Enna Oru love...       

My sky sports news ain't working so I've gotta listen to that fucking clown Saunders    

On Tuesday night, France got a good, long look at its choices in the upcoming presidential election. All 11 of them. 

all those rt things do work guys, i'm serious   i walked past my favourite celebrity today and i'm meeting adelaine on friday

Osaze Odemwingie joins Indonesia’s Madura United  via todayng 

Dreaming is the first step that you have to make. While, the act is the next step that you have to do.

all this bullshet w TRUMP ,, ya hate him but he fckin won ,,if you didn't vote sit your ass fckin down !!! It is what it is

Jericho about to put a savage beating on stupid idiot Kevin Owens. #WrestleMania

Son finally starts work tomorrow on his 20th bday. Spent 3yrs getting rejected but never gave up.Just takes 1person to offer a break #autism

The dhimmi UK police serving their masters well, but STABBING UK in the back in process.  ️ #Islam #intolerance Cal… 

I hate when ppl make long stupid fuckin snap chat stories

"Hi BASHERS If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me." #MAYWARDHumblyBlessed

Gucci is wack. And you went to a logic concert last year AND the year before. If he's so trash why are you at his s… 

Winter Storm watch tonight in Mt Shasta City... more:  Forecast updates:… 

People are So Damn Fu**ing Stupid .. They'll Believe in an Invisible Creature i.e GOD and Ignore to Believe in Unicorns,Dragons and Hippogriffs.

President Mukherjee to visit Vikramshila University in last leg of three states visit  

The Adventures of Ranger Mike: in Search of Behemoth #dinosaur #kids #family #Bible  

Man i just remembered how 13 reasons fucked me up when i read it

Writing 2 posts at the same time in two tabs. One paragraph on one then switch to the other. Equivalent of drawing with both hands? #davinci

Catalin Badea, David Seifert : Quantified asymptotic behaviour of Banach space operators and applications to it... 

BonnieCrombie: Sat Sri Akal. Delighted to participate in the flag raising at Queens Park to celebrate the 4th annu… 

The best kind of friendships are when you both just amp the fuck out of each other to do stupid shit but still know ur boundaries

I still have this #WildCATS #1 and another copy signed by Jim Lee! Good times. 

Ancelotti praises Hoffenheim after rare Bayern defeat - Carlo Ancelotti felt Bayern Munich were caught cold by ... 

The Hunt College Union currently has FREE highlighters with post-it flags in them while supplies last. Courtesy... 

CNN hosts: Susan Rice story a ‘fake scandal’ according to our reporter who worked for Obama admin 

Solve it in 10 movements. In 30 minutes, I'll tweet the solution ;). RT when found! 

Umar (ra) said, “No.” The man said, “Even though I carry her on my back and exert myself in her service?”

My resident just stepped on my finger with her fucking cast  

These Artist Alley finds are really incredible when you-- HEY! It's Nicholas Cage! #NicholasCage #WonderCon… 

)14 Hilarious Ways to Start A Conversation on Dating Apps - ìF*ck, marry, date: Me 

#linux #arm Re: [PATCH 1/1] clk: meson: meson8b: add support for the NAND clocks 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

The most difficult phase of life is not when no one understands you, it is when you don't understand yourself.

This breaks my heart. When will ppl fucking understand to not drink and drive. 

Sources: White House Leaks at Center of Discussions for Katie Walsh Replacement  

Road work clearance in progress in #Lewisville on 35E SB at FM 3040, stopped traffic back to Corporate Dr, delay of 7 mins #DFWTraffic

S. Fla. office market robust but slowdown looming? - Low interest rates, job growth and a dearth of constructio... 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

I hadn't even heard about this. That's the insufferable excuse for a person entire family voted for? 

How the Yellen Fed Got Religion Over the Stock Market and Policy ... - Bloomberg 

FLIPS THIS BITCH OVER AND SLAMS HER THROUGH THE BASKET. YOU FUCKING THOUGHT-. 

Good luck with that one - let me know if someone can get him to admit the TRUTH! #TheFive #LockHerUP with… 

Easy-Close Metal Safety Baby Gate White Wide 30"-33.6 "Tall 30.4"  

As the baseball season opens today, there's a story about the declining attendance in Baltimore. I'm not... 

Highgate Manor Portofino 6-piece Reversible Comforter Set Coral Queen NEW  

Mega Session #PipelineExpo Technology, Data and Cybersecurity/Integrity and Efficiency with Chad Souter 

Cristiano Ronaldo reveals how he ended up wearing No 7 shirt at Manchester United  

All of me by John legend .. puts me in my feelings every fucking time  

Yeah I'm in the nra... The national retard association 

Did you miss out on the Gala's earlybird ticket pricing last week? Well you're in luck! Due to technical issues... 

Me and my mom just made a daddy joke at the same time and I've never been more proud 

First grade using their plan time to complete Corinth Maker Space teacher challenge! #crmakes 

And Tourism Florida, Mar-a-Lago, will soon see an uptick in Chinese tourists. 

Yet only the BOG has the constitutional responsibility to govern admissions to SUS institutions, as confirmed in s… 

pull up so ur mirror is halfway in front of the front car, turn ur wheel all the way to the right, back up until u see ur back getting

Video: Nigerian lady fighting in public with a man in Italy now trending  #Videos 

Honestly we don't give a fuck about people hating us,before more people enjoy the fandom many attack BTS n we where… 

Live: The incident reportedly took place close to the Indian High Commission in #Stockholm. 

"We are quick to forget the unprecedented obstruction the republicans perpetrated on the prior nominee." #ftfy… 

Obama's Nobel peace prize was the death knell of reality. Welcome to the political + PC Twighlight Zone. Bizzaro. 

ISIS message calls Trump 'foolish idiot' - CNN 

Another late #MythWorldWIP tweet d2: mainly on the already mentioned continent but it starts and ends on the island Amaria

Omg the orange cat saw me get out of my car and came running towards me meowing like crazy. He is a good boy.

All of y'all is a dub now that's triple double like Westbrook that mean mug you rocking wit really an I'm broke and I'm stressed look

#astronomy Astronomy Magazine Citizen scientists are closing in on Planet Nine Astronomy…  v… 

considered it's just reasonable to reuse uranium ... We must point out that you need specific types of uranium, to fuel nuclear power plants

Webinar starts in 15 minutes. PyTecplot and Tecplot 360 2017: How to Enhance Visualization Productivity with Python.… 

Hey what the hell I pulled into my driveway and I could see my sister in the living room watching star vs the forces of evil without me

How can a team be so fucking bad at defense?!?!?!?

Paris Jackson 'incredibly offended' by Joseph Fiennes as Michael Jackson Add Paris Jackson to the list of those 

CAN EVERYONE STOP TWEETING AND SPOILING SHIT IN 13 REASONS WHY!!!!!!!!

Everyone NEEDS to watch this holy shit sooooo goooooodddddd!!!!!! #BigLittleLiesFinale 

Your straightforward communication isn't nearly as clear as yo... More for Capricorn 

#cscmovie Countdown to Hundra. This one looks like it could be a modern classic. 

My fingertips hurt for a week.   this format is slow, deliberate, 30lbs of stuff. andpeople see you and want to know who you're with/what/etc.

Yoo don't fucking get online saying you're finna "cut ppl out your life" just fucking do it

#Samsung Galaxy note 7 from bad to worse; phones burst into flames and Samsung sage words ‘Don’t turn it on” 

girl rides a cock real dirty 

when the kid that only wears minecraft clothes starts blasting gaming dubstep through his cat headphones 

The Cat Cam Tweets!  #catcam #mainecoon #CatsOfTwitter 

ANNND if you're too impatient to wait until Saturday, donations can be made now at  Thank you, everyone.

I stg if they do Lena dirty and have her encourage Kara to forgive mon-el (he'll have fucked up again by ep 21) like they made Alex I'll sue

Thought the Newcastle win would be a watershed moment for us. Just can't build any momentum after that win.Pressure maybe showing on players

I always tweet filth and nasty shit doe 

The latest The #Insurtech #insuretech Daily #insurance #reinsurance!  Thanks to aQmenInsurance andresvarela

ALWAYS be yourself. But if you can't be yourself, be a giraffe. :-) Photo taken at Giraffe Manor by Chris du Ples… 

I think this is way worse then some racial slur/joke.... This should get attention and actions should happen to THI… 

Growing terror threat in Singapore’s backyard: Law and Home Affairs Minister K Shanmugam #EI 

Earth-sized telescope set to snap first picture of a black hole  

We all know that first impressions are important - what is your front door saying to guests? 

IS THERE A MAKE VERSION OF POKER FACE CUZ ITS PLAYING ALMOST EVERYWHERE and WHY IS IT NOT OUT YET???

The Legend of King Solomon and the Passover Feast - Little is known about the biblical king (some scholars even... 

Something amazing and fun is cooking up. Will be sharing the details soon. Not a drama or a show but can you guess what is it?

You covet quality time spent with your circle of friends today... More for Cancer 

You long to be the center of attention, but you can take your ... More for Leo 

India, Bangladesh to step up anti-terror cooperation #digitalmarketing #news #today  via… 

Earlier only #RavindraNaikwad manhandled. Now shava sena's full set of GOONs are in to manhandling in the HOUSE

#Bags #Share: #Hermes Black Noir Togo Leather Toggle Top VESPA PM Messenger #Bag PHW  

Doctor, Doctor I keep thinking I'm God When did this start? Well first I created the sun, then the earth...

Follow trail of dead Russians if you want to crack election interference int witness  #wiunion #wipolitics #greenbay

I'm being featured in destiny 2 this year! My character is going to be in the new tower with cayde and the others!!… 

I'm not tryna argue about this. It's fucking done, end of story. Never talking again. Never being friends again. End OF STORY.  

"The O'Reilly Factor "is the equation his lawyers use in settling sex lawsuits. I think it's multiply sexual advances by 10. That's $13 mil

#AustAgder #kink kinky #sexdate #fucking hentai #directchat #cumslut assfuck #hornykik #mirrorselfies 

guys fam yall my dudes i keep thirsting over lee soohyuk nam joohyuk and shin hoseok yall gotta stop me im an Ainnocent child,

My kids are my heart and soul. They will always be my babies, even when they grow old. KISSES SlayOnMegMag

Live stream DEM filibuster on Senate floor for all of us for voting fairness  - I'm with her 

T1 | Sepic hits a two-out solo home run to left to put the Crimson Hawks on the board IUP 1, Gannon 0

When you're a straight female but you and your guy friends still stare at ass together #AssForDays #friends #Guyfriend

But for reals, that's a FAST turnaround rate for offers. I wonder what will happen if I put 'Former KPOP Idol' or even 'Sous Chef' in my bio

Gautam Gambhir: We view Russell's absence as an opportunity  

Can I pay you to let me be your homework slave? — um hell yeah i hate doing homework hmu fam 

The only reason I wanted UNC to win was to see Roy Williams post game celebration    

Christ i am the worst person to have a bird who's pissed off with you aren't i

u mad bc i dont send nudes? well surprise!!!!! fuck yourself u idiotic jerk.

#purto rican pussy i fucked my cousin porn 

My bitch bad noooooo Kanaye        

Geek Girl Misti Dawn Is Fucking For Cum 

An attempt to appear like we are at odds w/Russia when in fact, 45 is in their pocket. Don't be fooled. #UnfitToGovern

Oh and one more thing. People are unhappy because Taker deserved to end it against the best, not use it just to push Reigns even more

kind — kind·er. /kind·est/ adj. • of a good or benevolent nature or disposition, as a person:a kind and loving person.

Somebody, Push me on a dick, please ! Push,don't be shy  

We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Patient Access Insurance Specialist -  #Clerical #CareerArc

Mmm, this is a tough one. Dr. Phil or this fuckin' rando egg, who I hate?

Worried about fruit trees and this crazy #VegasWind

actually so pathetic, none of any of yours business so pointless throwing digs over twitter      grow the fuck up

You can’t move your team forward strategically without knowing what they are working on.  #marketing #businessnews …

"Yoga has a sly, clever way of short circuiting the mental patterns that cause anxiety" Baxter Bell

You need me to snatch your soul* don't get fucked up 

Whether people are "hurt" or think you ain't shit. This is still bad mind when you're exposing other peoples busine… 

Some art from my live video on Instagram last night. Thanks to all who joined. #art Please… 

Spring is a perfect time to spark romance with a proposal or by upgrading your engagement ring   #CustomRing… 

Senate filibuster: A nuisance or a treasured right -- depending on whose party is in power.  

Why would I be worried about anything other than your upright position becoming somewhat bent over.. Vladmir.

Remember when Utd fans were clamouring for Otamendi...just awful thank god we didn't go for him #Arsmci

my girlfriend and i are arguing over who's cuter and she goes "would you like all 95 pics of u i have saved to prove it cuz i just counted"

He would not have won if the DNC knew what the hell they were doing. It's too bad if saying that hurts feelings, but Trump's gotta go

Thai Coconut Sticky Rice with Mango. Food Branding by Karb Studio. #simplythebest #foodbranding… 

Mirallas is horrible scum no respect for him don't wanna see that in football. My arse does his actions make him a 'winner'

Babs is HITTING on the waitress. Talking about moistness of nachos. Disgusting. In front of Courtney too. Yikes

Your clear vision of success motivates you to reach higher to ... More for Capricorn 

I'm playing mystic messenger again cuz this bitch is NOT going to have a bad ending again

Here are the top two misconceptions about obtaining a mortgage in today's market. #HomeBuyers #Mortgages #Housing… 

omg the beauty and the beast is the worst movie i have seen this year that was so fucking boring

You could work with such a passionate intent today that you in... More for Pisces 

I fuckin hate how Mayorga calls me by my government name  ‍ 

If you think our president needs congressional approval to do what he did... You are an idiot  

It bounced right in front of the goal and when it came up it hit the top bar and bounced in, I was excited as hell and everyone was like wtf

It is with great pleasure to announce that we have been nominated for two categories at the 24th World Travel... 

Huge boobs tattooed shemale Morgan fucks busty milf Ava Devine in her asshole wh 

Q: Did you hear about the blonde who gave her cat a bath? A: She still hasn't gotten all the hair off her tongue.

#DaaVi Inspires. . Trust me if you listen to this song you will never forget your creature and you will fight on till you get there

In your opinion, which actors deserved national award for their performances in the last 15 years? #AskIBOCommunit… 

Just stay on top of ya work at home. Most of my lectures post the notes online so I just teach myself ig.   

Trump says Ford investment planned since 2015 would not have happened if he didn't win election 

I don't think he was joking. If so, what's the joke? What do u make of his condescending "women are smarter"? –as h… 

|| pink platinum tastes more like grapefruit, standard pink tastes like the best lemonade on earth The "Cien" is the best thing ever :')

Drinking my protein shake outside in the sunshine.... everything was going great till a bug flew into it   ....just more protein right???

So that's what it sounds like when 80 thousand plus don't make a peep. Kinda feel bad for Orrin #Wrestlemania

#GwenStefani Authentic nwot l.a.m.b. purse gwen stefani checked large #Handbag  #Fashion… 

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

Why not, given that they're all completely fucking bonkers... 

few clouds -> clear sky temperature down 24°C -> 19°C humidity up 22% -> 42% wind 7kmh -> 5kmh

The Most advanced Poker Robots generating Passive Income Daily Earn Money every day, even on holidays!… 

Schoolgirl sucking and fucked with pumpdildo whipped fucked 

For me, one major advantage of my smartphone is that it makes me talk less. Is this even an advantage or disadvantage?

NIGGA I NEED TO DO THIS FUCKING PROJECT BUT IM GETTING LIT WITH THIS NIGGA DEXTER. OOHHHHH MAAANNNNNNN GOOOODDDDDD DAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMM

ATandT and FirstNet Help Modernize Communications for First Responders  #attemployee 

Our team v Utd (442): Joel, Holgate, Baines, Williams, Jagielka, Gueye, Davies, Barkley, Mirallas, Lookman, Lukaku.

Yeah, ManScout Manning in Trouble....nowhere in the handbook says "How to Avoid the PURGE"… 

People who wait to have kids until they're ready are confusing. Everyone has the ability to pick up trash and yell while no one listens.

Kodak is fucking trash he has like 3 or 4 listenable songs

I've just watched episode Trope Isn't a Four L... S01E10 of You Me Her! #youmeher  

Wealth Matters: Giving Like a Rockefeller, Even if You’re Not Super-Rich  

Yolanda Saldivar is an example of why you shouldnt give ugly people a chance...fuckin bitch #RIPSelena

How terrible is Stirling for shopping btw   fucking shite

fist fucking le trou de chatte lache de wifes 

0 tolerance for people who always tend to critic others just to cover up their fucking mistake and shitty attitude

Lawfare has two articles on the Constitutional issues raised by the s attack on Syria.  and 

Can someone tweet me when twitter is done being stupid. My mentions and timeline are confusing the hell out of me.

Encourage each other and give each other strength, just as you are doing now. #MayWardforUniSilverTime

#laravel 5.4.17 Handle missing or malformed `config/app.php` file).  #changelog

Tone and tighten your core with these exercises experts say are the best for getting a flat stomach. 

Silence like a cancer grows. Hear my words that I might teach you. Take my arms that I might reach you. As one nati… 

Rekenrek work IPad style. Working on composing teen numbers. #plattinrocks 

Usually when I tell someone to listen to a song. It's cause that song can express what I have to say than I can't.

my mom got me lifting stuff at this time, got me fucked up   

How much time we wasted laughing together... But, guy in the sky, oh, how we loved that wasted time and those helpless smiles...

When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up you can get up let your reason get you back up.

While you're at it...dig up how much Bill Clinton made after HRC signed off on uranium transfer that Putin now owns. 

As a Therapist adding relaxing music to the session heals the soul. Another form of Therapy! Music seems to help... 

The Business of Being Pantone: Turning Color Into Money.  

Thomas Pieters, meet Amen Corner. Amen Corner, Thomas Pieters...    #TheMasters 

DiamondBacks 4-1 under Luvollo so far this young season. Over in Boston Farrell still costing the team games with mismanagement.

Niggas be out here talking down on the next nigga to fuck his female   y'all game ain't that strong just to take the female

#DYK that #WorldThrombosisDay is on #Facebook? Pop over and click #like! Join the conversation. Share your story!… 

i cried over the fact that chyler and floriana are going to the glaad awards together,,, i'm so weak 

Turning Bystanders Into Upstanders (a term I just learned -- love it!) #D90learns 

Sterling Silver Marked Turqoise Dangle Earrings Silversmith crafted by EstateHeirlooms 

10:37pm: I made pancakes for dinner b/c I just got home and it was the fastest thing in the house to cook #reason24whyImsingle #theygoodtho

Frisco RoughRiders: Starting Pitching Continues To Plague In Second Loss  

MIDDLESBROUGH vs BURNLEY COMPARED ODDS TOP BOOKIES OFFERS CLUB STATS AND RECOMMENDED BET bestbet4u.… 

But he still with the shits so he started smoking and drinking (bad combo) probably looking like ... 

For the record.... what do I have to be mad about? Not a damn thing  

nigga gone ask me "you made that? bought the potatoes and everything? you baked the chicken yourself?" GET TF AWAY FROM ME, CHEF RAMSEY

Is the US going to take action in Syria tonight? Indications are yes....question is what action.....

Sports Wireless Stereo Sweatproof Bluetooth Earphone Headphone Earbuds Headset  

I am so appalled at these guys that were like super attractive in high school and now... like 

Ultra Slim Thin Transparent Crystal Clear Hard Case Cover For HTC One M8 Black  

"As it swept over me, like the wind through the trees...". The poetry of that song. 

Meet Rap Monster, one of K-Pop’s most street style-savvy stars:  by #imjiminsjagiya via… 

i never been so mad in my damn life like bitches be fishing!!!!

WE WILL GET NEW PHOTOS OF THEM,,, BEING TOGETHER,,,NOT ON SET,,, IN FANCY CLOTHES AND MAKEUP SIGN ME THE FUCK UP

i remember about the story of Titanic an foreign boy and an filipina-american girl in a cabin playing ball near the captain maneuver wheel,

bruh, this apartment ain't smelled like air freshener since this dirty hoe move in.   

I feel so bad for my girlfriend because my twitter account it logged in on her phone and my notifs are POPPIN right now

ARE YOU FUCKING SHITTING ME #FIREEMBLEMHEROES 

Trafficking in domestic work in Greece: a demand-side, European Commission, European Policy Brief (DemandAT), 2016Ê

The Inside No.9 episodes are such brilliant pieces of drama, excellent script, excellent performances

I have a few appointments today and I have desired results. But I'm not planning the outcome, it will unfold when it is the now. #wakeup

Found a Transponder Snail! Famed Pirate Hunter captured! Exclusive shots!!  #TreCru 

You don't have to spend your life with me! You don't have to waste your energy! We can just be rockin!  

That ruthless didn't care bruh until that shit Happened to me .... ooooooo weeee karma a bitch

Guys you didn't pray hard enough last time. Pray harder this time, if you really really really want to prevent the… 

Beauty fucked and bahged in the sofa 

Why I Will Not Speak On Stephanie Otobo’s Allegation Now – Apostle Suleman Read more at 

The tattoo don't even look bad smh, you clowning for no damn reason 

Riley Shy Likes Fucking Machines 

AR Account Manager (FT) - Vascular Access Center - Philadelphia, PA  Job Philadelphia

#NBA Wire: Miami Heat guard Dion Waiters out of boot, starting to condition again  

I wanted to write down exactly what I felt. But somehow the paper stayed empty and I could not have said it any better 

 Norris Gets Made Into an Honorary Texan By State Senate  

Yeah U did ask - you are speaking to the public with knowledge of their right to reply. If someone speaks back to U it's between U and them.

Your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day, and you may... More for Sagittarius 

In 3rd grade in science, the teacher told us "breathing out is called exhaling" And this one fucking kid bursts out "but that's a BAD WORD"

[Screenshot] Thank me when pineco gets moved to 5k's and when there's a double candy event during easter after I ha… 

granny boy fucking #sex questions guys 

NowPlaying 01 Intro Welcome To My Lyfe Produced By Tom Davids - THE DREAM CATCHER 08-2015 01  04:41

Enjoy all the opportunities that life can offer you!! #vidaquesegue #enjoylife 

OMG Payless just filed for Bankruptcy! Wheres Kendall Jenner when you fucking need her?!?

Filthy ebony bitch Beate blows jizzster 

what if Noel hoe are lifes suck the dick bro and haram like bible that that that that dangerous like

FUCK I DONT NEED THIS RIGHT NOW WHY DID I READ IM SPEECHLESS WTF THIS FF RUINED ME GOOD BYE 

Assange Asylum in Jeopardy, ‘Marble’ Undermines Russian Hacker Narrative | Disobedient Media 

When you want to give a 'religious' advice to your fellow brother/sister be nice about it! There's a way to convey it without being rude.

Saad al-Hariri: Lebanon has become a big refugee camp  

#karina smirnoff sex sex teenegers in lanka fucking 

Check out some of these Facebook fails posted at the wrong time, wrong place! 

Remember , if time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy.

Stranger Sees Mom Selling Her ‘Babies’ So He Calls The Cops, Then He Couldn’t Believe It 

El Cajon: Dragonite  62.2% (15/3/10 - Steel Wing/Outrage - s:normal) til 11:14:27(27m 20s). 

This #job might be a great fit for you: Deputy Director -  #security #Augusta, GA #Hiring… 

TONIGHT AT THE BOX: 7:30 PM - Steam, The Box's student impov team 9:00 PM - The Show 10:15 PM - Fool Me Thrice:... 

Its actually great when I forget my password to my old account for the twins and it was doing so well, unimpressed with myself    

Today is the day I start weening myself off cigarettes... changing my daily routine breaking the habit    

Its so sad how fucked up we've been treated in this country that we dont even believe what the government says anymore

so nobody come for me ion support hitting females that shit wack but I can't control niggas b yall still blasting chris brown old shit.

Bryce is a fucking cunt, I HATE this show ugh #ThirteenReasonsWhy

The tax rules that govern donating art are complex and confusing. #taxes #art 

It's hard to believe Mythic Worlds was just two weeks ago in Seattle, Washington. It feels like… 

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

Her feet were made for fucking 

Eatery in DOHA... New York #Graffiti with Lebanese style that's the funky mojo of #BULBUL street food restaurant Op… 

When will people realise that the electorate have voted, we need to move on and work together on the tasks in hand… 

Why not just try and help me out this stupid ass situation  

today was cool i was walking around nyc and ran into a women's protest, a food fair, and numerous street performers randomly

The dirt… *You grasp the pickaxe, tears streaming down your dirt-covered face* I never thought this day would come. My poor son *suffer*

Chrysalis Wool Tweed Top Coat, Raglan Sleeves, Olive, Size XL (46XL)  

Do you ever wanna run away? Do you lock yourself in your room with the radio on turned up so loud that no one hears you're screaming?

Hunk twinks goes mouth and anal fucking 

my friends made me a playlist but once i stopped talking 2 them i stopped listening 2 it but i cant remember how many of 1 band was on it

Idc if I don't sleep I'm acing this mother fucking midterm

I'm at Kent and Waterloo, not allowed to go outside, neighbors not allowed to walk home. Choppers lighting up Rosemont just below me #EchoPark

Protesters set fire inside Paraguay congress building  

Create your own online shop and start earning claim your free 14 days start. 

I'm too prideful with guys. Like I could be literally starving for weeks and still not let you buy me a meal

ni semua normal ah every nasib in rs. one loyal one musibat. nnt cukup time both of it will switch. it become the opp.

I believe his reason for running for POTUS has been a vendetta against Obama. He's racist. He can't stand that 44 c… 

RETWEET #구구단gugudan and MAKE on  to show how much you want a show in your city! #NowMaking

Just Pinned to Recipes: Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin recipe by McHardy's  

my sister is gonna catch these fucking hands shes so fucking annoying bro

Worst thing about fucking my hand up is that I can't drive 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

See our latest #NewAlbany, IN #job and click to apply: RN - Emergency Center -  #Nursing #Hiring

Judge says FBI's NIT warrant invalid, points out FBI agent knew it was invalid when he requested it: Government claims legal authority f

Oh my god yes. Fuck photoshop always hated it!! 

Made a diff one just bc too lazy to slide in yo dms and drop random names    

Leather Band Business Classic Steel Case Mens Mechanical Watch Hand Winding Gold  

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

1 new follower in the last day and it is more than just stats, I use it for growing my account! Try it 

also I spilled my fucking water all over the ground and wall like who am i

Thinnest fucking pizza I ever saw.. 

 Oriental amateur releases pussy liquid during fingerbanging 

Question: is it acceptable to ditch class since it's raining and I don't want to walk to class???? Lmk

I know its mad but if I go to hell will you come with me or just leave

I kno you bitches steal eyeliner n shit. I done bought 2 mac eyeliners n getting ready for the club they grew legs n ran off.

  Filming for Episode 2 of my new YouTube series today at flexappealmiami with… 

Fat saggy ass tits hanging over her fucking shirt. I covered kyliahs eyes and everything     

Please RT #interiordesign #homedecor #decoration Darn Near Free, 10 Minute Holiday Centerpiece: a DIY! 

LuvBug Best Is Yet To Come *Now Playing* on Vibe Nation Dance Radio. Listen:  #EDM #dancemusic

We must remain focused vigilant as our adversaries within seek to undermine and ultimately destroy Our PresDJT we must stand 2gether United

im sorry to you guys ; ; also, jokes may take too far and base was just doing his thing so im not blaming anyone. i… 

current weather in Saint Cloud: light intensity drizzle, 46°F 65% humidity, wind 9mph, pressure 1013mb

The concept of a outdoor #NFLDraft is awesome...hoping those April showers cooperate 

Now Playing on Urban Hitz Radio: Aaliyah - One In A Million *** Listen Now *** 

He added me and was like "hey sugar" and I was like " hi milk" the idiot blocked me wtf!!!! We should have just made tea

It’s easy to find help these days! Introducing Neighborly… a community of home service experts that have been... 

bitch what? she said you wouldn't want to be kicked out if your friend was over, yeah bc it's my fucking room and my fucking bed.

Still out here smilin as much as I can wishin people good days and actually meaning it , little shit but it can make a difference.

Great opener. Never discount the little things, Sanity black eye paint put em over the top. Killian dane looked legit ancient barbarian #NXT

Oh really now? Says the man that hasn't won the league in more than 10 years 

Nigeria, Poland To Strengthen Ties — Onyeama - PM NewsPaper -  

Thanks for the mention! RajeshT58534769: ParulSinha27 SomShikhar iSaffronPrime pbhushan1 DheerajGbc SureshM46 Hare… 

Imagine doing music GCSE/A level and having to lug around a fucking harp

Like stealing vodka off a crippled person and stumbling everywhere simultaneously refusing to admit their fucked

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

Difference between Machine Learning, Data Science, AI, Deep Learning, and Statistics...  by… 

she could have it all but she rather act up and be a fucking idiot but wtvr

Oh something's coming...sooner than we expect. Wonder what will happen if Comey keeps dragging his feet? This is on… 

Random Man Shots Hostile Man Who Was Beating A Cop In The Middle Of The Road! 

CA Technologies is looking for a Unified Infrastructure Management Intern #BringWhatYouBring #Hir...  #job

When you blame others you give up your power to change. Take responsibility for your future! - Chris Voss #quote 

I'm boring y'all don't want me , I go to work come home smoke and take care of my kid I ain't shit foreal   ‍

NEW! UO Real Solutions for #NGSS Science Teaching. Online, effective, professional development for #educators.… 

  CAN WE SMASH ANOTHER NAP OUT THE PARK?  5.25 #LEICESTER 5/1 SHOT TODAY     

it is only episode two but I have bad feelings about this all, please leave the smalls alone, LEAVE THEM ALONE

You know what's prob greater than winning tonight's game???? North Carolina Avoids The Almighty "Crying Jordan Meme Face"

Niggas is annoying   my shorty on lock don't try   wasting your time

I'm Convinced That People Fw Me For The Hell Of It ... Bad Idea Scrap <EMOJI>️

But he still with the shits so he started smoking and drinking (bad combo) probably looking like ... 

good thing the clothes were all too big instead of too small so I can at least feel a bit good about myself   

Update: I just got home and remembered my windows were also down in my other truck so it has been getting rained in… 

You might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t... More for Scorpio 

who cares what this stupid turtle look idiot thinks

End of enlightenment?  ope te Americans who heard your lecture have a clear picture of the present mind set in USA

A wild Dragonite has appeared! Available until 16:01:15 (25m 23s) IV: 37.78 Move: Steel Wing/Hyper Beam. 

I just want to walk out my job and never come back . But I don't have balls so I guess I'm stuck here

What a horrible role model for America's girls. Nothing less attractive than a whiny victim. 

When your favorite YouTuber finally uploads a new video, but it's just an April Fools joke. 

Jamie Dimon just doubled down in supporting a little-known tax that pays poor people 

Reconstruction of female Elamite dress (circa 2nd millennium BCE). Elamite empire was a pre-Iranic civilization bef… 

Islamist groups linked to Ag Ghali have claimed dozens of attacks on Malian, United Nations and French troops. 

Sometimes the best cure for a restless mind is a quiet night i... More for Pisces 

The ugly ass bitchhhh in the world 

We'd like to announce our transition. We will now be "Devi G" and will only perform J-Pop renditions of our songs. 

Florida governor strips 21 murder cases from prosecutor who opposes death penalty  #LosAngelesTimes #latimes #news

It's a wrap! #MusikMesse was a blast as every year   Until the next  #MusikMesse2017 #MesseFrankfurt... 

Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Primoris Services Corp (PRIM) Stock Price 

Liberty Links: Getting ready for the NCAA Championship game  

stop fucking using this song 

You can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo... More for Virgo 

Residents fighting Nexus seek more funding from Green  

Didn’t touch the glass and he knows it. Colin Miller bit by the delay of game penalty, big PK coming up for the Bruins.

#picture porn host fucked girl car park pictures 

I've just unlocked Have You Seen a Bunny? achievement in Paradise Island 2!  #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight

“A beautiful feeling, when someone tells you “I wish I knew you earlier”.” - (via nizariat) 

Setting up shop in San Francisco. Can't wait to open AT YOUR SERVICE the new and best private assistant available for you!

Designers have no regard for life, they fuel #BloodFashion by the senseless murder of sentient beings. #OpNo2Fur 

Living for leather legs and knotted pumps... #fashion #fashionblogger #fblogger #mcrblogger… 

Even though they live different places my 88liner unnies said how they love Johnny with the same vibe  

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

Supposed "Anti-fascist" favors murderous communism instead, doesn't like capitalism so he buys a crate of juice at… 

#drugdiscovery news: ABL Awarded BARDA Contract to Fill Live VirusBased Medical Countermeasures 

Found a Transponder Snail! For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!  #TreCru 

My #LeadPChat has been storified! Thank you #SSAT and for everyone for your support #Teacher5aday 

Drawn to the abyss: literature's fascination with homelessness #books #publishing 

cnnbrk: RT CNNMoney: It's a quiet start on Wall Street. Dow, SandP and Nasdaq are all flat. But Lululemon sinks 21% … 

Of course, you want to be recognized for your contributions on... More for Pisces 

me: wants to have a cute minimalist interior style alao me: literally cannot throw away a receipt from a store i went to with drew

spanish stereo types are so false bc i'm spanish as fuck and i hate spicy food and have no rhythm in my hips

NO ONE RESPONDS AND IT MAKES ME WANT TO GO FUCKING CRAZY

You can bury your feelings as effectively as the next person, ... More for Scorpio 

Persephone just keeps getting more and more depth as a divine character and I feel so strangely empowered by it she's amazing my Queen

leahnacoleee : keep fucking up so you can leave     (via Twitter  #Prepzilla

A huge ginormous THANK YOU to every that came to support our philanthropy! Surpassing our goal could not have been done without you all! 

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

#watches Seiko Prospex Kinetic Pro Divers With Stainless Steel Bracelet SKA369P1 #yorkshire 

I got time for you pineapple on pizza motherfuckers today, disgusting pricks

Thank you for your continued support, it really means a lot to me. Onwards and upwards into the next month!

If you are into the outdoors and survival check this out!  

THESE TWO ASSES WHO ALWAYS ARGUE ARE HATED BY EVERY NEIGHBOUR THAT LIVES ON THIS GOD DAMN STREET

Mother of the Groom Necklace - Hand Stamped Jewelry - Man of My Dreams Necklace -..  

The Genocide of the Palestinian People: An International Law and Human Rights Perspective  

Meet your Farmer The Pappas Family: Farming in the “Cantaloupe Center of the World”... 

#China 's long term prospects are great; better jump in while the going is good 

im lowkey the sorriest human being. i real deal ate a bowl of shredded cheese last night     

NowPlaying It's My Life - Bon Jovi(Album:Crush [Bonus Track]) #nowplaying #なうぷれ 

The wicked man earns deceptive wages, but he who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward. -Proverbs 11:18 M.C.A mavuria stephen

You fucking w your ex? Quit wStin my god damn time.

I was streaming #NoPromises all day yesterday, all night last night, and I'm still streaming rn.. I'm a true, dedic… 

F1 star Max Verstappen's dad Jos arrested in Holland following a beach club fight #verstappen #arrested #holland…… 

16M -GORGEOUS LIKE NEW LPP COLOR TOON-UPA CARTOON--GREAT BALLET!  

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

that first pic makes me GAG but i just love life bc i don't look like that anymore x 

Sumatran orangutans #LoveTheLeuser! Join the movement to protect this amazing place.  

And #GirlsHBO also has me very distressed. Watching these shows back to back makes worry less about my life choices and future.   

Please RT #fashion #style GOTTEX Full Show Spring 2017 | Gran Canaria Swimwear Fashion Week 2016 by...… 

......funded entirely by grant money to provide this critical care for the infant cats. The room will come fully... 

Japanse milf beautie vinger fucked 

Your weekend horoscope is here! #astrology #zodiac #horoscope  

Can anyone tell me whether or not to play the walking dead season 2 first before I do season 3 for my youtube channal

Living alone rocks. Being sick and living alone sucks. Will bake someone many a baked good for some NyQuil / DayQuil rn.

I'm this   fucking close to hanging out with my friends cause I haven't seen them in a while and I love them

Your obligations weigh you down now when you would rather be f... More for Sagittarius 

i asked Riley if we could go shopping next weekend and he replied with "yeh of course" 

She recently outsold axle rose and slash in their latest endeavors lol. Tell your has been rockers that they've fai… 

It's Yoongi's time God's have worked on him really hard and we can see it ♡ An genius artist ♡ #ARMYsLoveYoongi 

TBT take a peek what four years can do some of our counselors back when they were campers! 2017 Hancock Resident... 

Cop: are you drunk? Me: no I was just frantically trying to put on crazy bitch for the PP protesters

How don't I and I just beat you in this argument   y'all just don't wanna face the truth y'all scared to say LeBron… 

There's something about people having to do a 4 point turn to fucking park that annoys the hell out of me

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 457 #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight

'Prison Break' Season 5 May Premiere Earlier Than Expected #PrisonBreak #PrisonBreak 

Delightful and fun #Western #Historical #Romance by Trana Mae Simmons #Kindle  Trana+Mae+Sim… 

How we work. How we hire. What our team says about it.  #jobs #cologne #dortmund #bestteam

Believe it or not, 1ST BOUGHT ALBUM ON THE IPHONE using the ITunes Store after being a loyal amazon and google musi… 

i had a dream i had a chihuahua that i carried with me everywhere like i was doin crazy shit in my dream, but the whole time he was w me

y'all getting fucked for plane tickets to Miami :(

Hate this asshole but he nailed it. 

I need the "3 out of 4 americans got me fucked up" shirt but instead of "americans" "life experiences"

This is so fucking disgusting I swear to god. I' really really sorry for your loss, humans who do that are fucking… 

Essential oils are an awesome way to add more bang to your wellness buck each and every day.  

Grand National 2017 full results: The winner, the finishers and the fallers at Aintree  

Hearing corpse husband like actually have a convo weirds me out because I expect him to say something terrifying

Accident, two lanes blocked in #Brentwood on I 65 SB at Old Hickory Blvd #Nashville #traffic 

Somebody, Push me on a dick, please ! Find my name here  

24 Leaders, 24 Visions, 5 rounds of #explodingkittens - a good day out I feel! 

The beleaguered citizens of Londinium ask for Batman's help while lawlessness rules the streets when they leave the alliance. #BrexitBegins

I don't have these kind of homeboys. I'm not disrespectful so I don't hang with people who are 

UCLA and Steve Alford should take Lavar Balls kids scholarships off the table. Nike better not sign his kid either. #SlowWhiteguy

THAT'S WHY I RESPECT YOU, DON'T BE OFFENDED BECAUSE I'M NO LONGER LIKE OTHERS I WANT TO HAVE CONTROL N INTRODUCE... 

could be suitable for both possible outcomes - casket for the plan or for the Americans 

Solid AIESEC IYLI experience with super solid ppl! TY Ateneo for the exposure! Learned a lot and we're ready to plu… 

Here's a good one to save! 30 healthy Easter treats - a recipe roundup by Happy Body Formula.    No excuses now... 

I’ve entered UEFA’s #StockholmShowdown competition to win tickets to the #UEL final! #TeamLarsson 

#gratitude Hey EVERYONE, thanks for the RT’s’s and Mentions this past week! Personal shoutouts WILL RETURN in 2-WEEKS, Fri. Apr.14th   2/6

Why couln't you just let me go this weekend. When i said goodbye. You wanted to pull me back and hurt me.

#369hong involving these subtle flaws, like the Freudian Slip. I also loved how all this talk of American spies from movies, such as (8)

You're Now Tuning in to 66.6 FM with DJ Rapture (The Hottest Hour of the Evening) by $UICIDEBOY$ 

9 DAYS TILL THIS SUNSHINE'S BIRTHDAY. CAN I GET A HELL YEAH i cant wait im ready to bake 18492839392 cakes n send h… 

What Is Spiritual Consciousness?  #personaldevelopment, #motivation 

Girlfriend gets her ass fingered and fucked 

Stanford freshman Jenna Gray a triple threat on The Farm  

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > pinter ngga?.  

#Cuba Syria denies and condemns use of chemical weapons – foreign minister  

j cole described love in one sentence when he said "love is wanting more for someone than they want for themselves."

lmaooo, they dumb, broke, retarded and thirsty 

The Weeknd cleans up big at Junos and then refuses to talk about it #JunoAwards 

I've just heard the Premier League football show say United has the 14th best attack in the league...? Where did you get that? #MUFC

Thank you Dave for the food for the Linbro cats. Was so nice to eventually meet you, thank you for your ongoing... 

I from the dirty and I make it rain   ‍ damn that's muddy

I have to chase a grown ass man over $40 that's jus crazy as hell!

 I love starting at myself in the mirror, crying, while listening to this. A REAL SMOOTH BOP   

After 20+years of coaching and building a coaching business. I have built and failed four different companies,... 

also this time, the lab dude says he has a preference for traditional art yeeee Scanner, time to earn your keep

Like wont romance gil and will someone else and that fucking outpost that i didnt realise was permanent for all outposts

Aw what a sad end for Ashley   Everyone has been brilliant for this storyline. Must've been so hard for them   #ByeAshley #Emmerdale

#QLD #QLDFires Specialist firies have conducted more than 2600 ‘Rapid Damage Assessments’ so far in cyclone hit... 

The GLAAD Media Awards honor the "fair, accurate and inclusive representations" of the LGBTQ community.… 

Jane used the trigger words that she knew Patterson was already looking for !!! #Blindspot 

There's a moment you know you're totally fucked #FanderFinds

regrann from boss_kitchen - I SHOW LOVE TO EVERYONE... NOW IF YOU SHOW DIFFERENT AND CHANGE..… 

nigga Hermann weed means kill dicksuck said just amina koyjim why jizz that he kill tits dangerous nigga

I also love Scandal more than Grey's, but Grey's has been good for 3 weeks now, imo. Scandal needs to give Liv her… 

Photos (4) : we were totally wet after that attraction. After that, I enjoyed my warm waffle.   

Sean Spicer says President Trump has decided to donate his first quarter salary to the National Parks Service. 

7 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

How To Eat To Prevent Disease And The Signs Of Ageing :  . 

On April 4th, 2017 Paul Stengle, CEO of The Arc Alliance, interviewed Nancy Thaler, Deputy Secretary of the... 

Like every fucking time!      

“If my eyes could show my soul,everyone would cry when they saw me smile.” #KurtCobain   

My recent read was 'Immortal life of Henrietta Lacks': great reminder that cells are part of a person, not isolated entities #scibloghubchat

Integrated Sinks Market: Industry Size, Share, Analysis and Forecast 2021 | Hexa Research 

Earn Cash and Rewards For Taking Surveys | SurveyCompare - Join Free Today! 

I'm so mad right now people are so rude to summer calling her ugly af and that way does she have an Instagram she o… 

Someone tarnishes your name, you act on it if you believe they were wrong. Not just stand there and promise robust response for 4 years.

I feel reall unhappy and dissatisfied with everything in my life right now but I'm not sure what's going to change. What has to.

we fucking agreed to start over, i think it was just me, not you.

Goodnight guys, I'm gonna go to bed now. I love zayn so much and I hope he follows me and everyone who deserves it soon   

THIS MATCH IS FUCKING INSANE! #ROHSupercard #HardysvsBucks

Although you might already have big plans for the weekend, mor... More for Capricorn 

Defender Josh Coulson is in his testimonial year at Cambridge United and he's joining us on the Sports Hour on Thur… 

It is school holidays in Queensland why not stock up on some colouring activities from DJECO. DJ9645 Butterfly... 

It's 2017 can apple stop correcting fucking to ducking

#jog girl nude fat fucking 

I do it'll just be cold by the overpowering vision of ghosts and deathmy shitty videogame friends:

Natalie Geary, MD selected as Top Pediatrician of the Year by the International Association of Top Professionals… 

lmfao nigga told me get ObamaCare lmfao fuck no!!!

Do you have a yes mindset?  #motivation #inspiration #improv 

UConn lost? Give everyone you love a hug. The world as we know it is coming to an end. 

David Moyes faces fresh controversy after being accused of aiming multiple 'off-camera remarks' at female repo.. 

2002 £2 Coin Commonwealth Games Wales VERY RARE COIN  

I know damm well some one did not just put me in a meme page saying I'm the cash me outside girl lmaooo I hate dville !   gimme my money hoe

People complaining about the US getting involved like that isn't our fucking MO 

Damn, Shooter fucked up...Moriah blackmailin him. He picked THEE wrong one  ...yasss, this'll be juicyyy *rubs hands like Birdman*  #LHHATL

Steal my glasses and I'll steal your fucking soul. #MagmaAutotweet

Bitch you use to be a fucking Gladiator! I dont know why your ginger ass aint look these ppl up b4 you went into bed with them! #Scandal

Democrats secure enough votes to block Gorsuch, setting stage for ‘nuclear option 

Boneless wings are chicken nuggets and ur a pussy if u eat them

The Sun and Moon were both of equal size and they too revolved over and around the motionless Earth as... 

When phuppho is boasting about her children but you know how Harami they are   

A quick and easy way to stabilize your mood swings is to relen... More for Cancer 

The news/social media does a great job of reminding me that life could be SO much worse. I'm so grateful for the life this universe gave me

Siy to Bernil: A lot of what you have to do is to address HR concerns. How will you be able to balance this with your plans?

NYC set to adopt long-debated changes to student discipline code that will further reduce suspensions | Chalkbeat 

I will never in my life step foot into an Arab state other than Yemen. The rest of them are such fucking inhuman pigs

Let's just say I'm fucked off and leave it at that!

This is the result of having a skilled defense attorney on your side #DrugDefenseAttorney #Arizona... 

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

Even as someone accustomed to being disappointed I'm amazed by the way we went about getting the absolute worst outcome we could.

I was at a concert in Calgary where McLean and McLean said fuck off for about 10 minutes. The beer and acid party was… 

Mignon Busty Brunette Petite Girlg Ets Fucked Anally 

So great that you included one couple that wasn't "Bachelor Nation". There are so many of us over 50. Kudos to Ellen and Drew #FirstDates

We've reached 1M lbs of food delivered via our countywide food recovery pgm! Boundless gratitude to our vols, food… 

It's a party in a playlist. Trending: Hip Hop/Rap:  #BeTransformed 

How Cubs have dramatically upgraded their bullpen since last year’s Opening Day 

For fans of Simon R. Green - Fast-paced, gruesome, violent - PI in Lost Angeles (Hell), Michael Logan's HELL'S DETECTIVE. #ewgc

I have no sympathy for bigots who say a loving human-dolphin couple can't marry. #Tweet4Taiji #ShutTaijiDown #tweet4dolphins #opkillingbay

Announcing new partners and customers next week! Stay tuned   #technology #innovation #startup #work

You're tired of being the responsible one, especially if you m... More for Scorpio 

Mrs Clarkson told us all about her pet tortoise Max. We all stroked him gently. 

IG Sindh AD Khawaja removed from post, Sardar Abdul Majeed given additional charge 

Amatur porn vid of me being fucked in doggy style 

You hope to retreat to your office and work in relative silenc... More for Aquarius 

ICE forum began w/ call to remain civil. Interrupted by shouts of “Fuck you!” and “Go back to DC, you piece of shit!” 

What a weekend! And we still have the bachelor party and the wedding... #gabygetsphilled #SF… 

WTF KEVIN!!! STOP MUTING THE DAMN AUDIO #Wrestlemania

They pressed 1 They pressed 2 They pressed 4 But the result was always same, the receipt shown vote for BJP #TamperedEVMs

'You're gambling with your life,' judge tells Long Beach murder defendant representing himself 

Every deepti or Scott call me out for not being be interested in their class 

Three options to keep up with the final game in Bakersfield:   -    - Twitter and Periscope 

Making games more diverse means listening to both sides of the table  

every day that Haruka-chan has been here has been fun.I love always spending our time together with smiles on our faces. it's like a dream.

Came up with this for awai hoshi fucking ch*ke 

(you have shitty parents and desperately need money and wind up in the tech industry)

 Create UNIQUE ARTICLES on any keyword #bloggers #traffic | How to Automatically Track Your… 

Can't wait to move and start a new life. Not anytime soon, but within the next year...that's my goal

World map reveals countries where tourists are still at risk of contracting Zika 

I am a nice website frontend developer, but boy, never once did I have a customized finished user-friendly tumblr blog theme.

Totes ship this. She is a bad ass 

fucking brunette shemalebareback 

You may lose your sense of purpose, only to uncover a more mea... More for Sagittarius 

#IPhone users Download the DjTiger app to listen to #FullblastRadio 24/7 FullblastDjs  

T Mac should've been inducted into the hall of fame right after he dropped 13 in 35 seconds if we're being honest.

#Deal Save 56% | LED Light Bar Nilight 52 Inch LED Work Light Spot Flood Combo LED Lights Led Bar Driving Off Road…… 

It is funny to see how one form of informal institution against the other(s). Dudududu. The tension is reeeaaaallll.

people tell me to go fuck myself a lot but guess what not today! nor ever! 

How annoying when u keep trying to go to a toilet in s club and the dj keeps playing banger after banger

girl, i dont know about legalities, but it seems that you're the one who has issues, harrassing an employee because you're a fucking —

Who are those Queers going to pray to? Fucking Aphrodite? Sappho? 

This weekend we are delving deep into our concept and blocking. Get ready for clues and sneak peaks of our exciting new Don Giovanni!    

Girl Watches Boyfriend Give Number To Teacher With Mum, It Does Not End Well 

Living in cities makes people mentally ill, while living in the #country improves #health and prevents early d.. 

A lesser-known aspect of the deal: Iraq agreed to start accepting deportees from the U.S. – something it had refuse… …

NCAA Should Stay Out Of North Carolina Until ‘HB2.0’ Is Repealed  

Please if yo mom or dad works in Vehicle licensing send me a DM. I'm stuck with the fucking police. I have questions.

A bus on the #METROBus2 route is delayed at Bellaire/Mullins E/B. Need to find another ride?  ^A

#perv,#sex,#teenspy,#wanking,#horny,#esbian Sara Jay: Ugly College Slut Bites Cock And Gives Blowjob 

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

I hate April fools because I'm gullible as fuck   

who's Anna fucking with doe ? — Nobody ? 

It's that time again! We are announcing our athlete of the month! What exactly makes up the Athlete of the Month?... 

HD Print Oil Painting Art on Canvas,Disney the Seven Dwarfs16x24' Unframed  

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

Creme Eggs on a pizza are either an abomination or the most delicious thing ever  

Licking Sucking and Fucking 

live porn video chat  Legal age teenager is having classroom sex 

Started Sunday morning by fucking my hawt wife in her soaked crack 

Cricket Wednesday 1 and 2 - Wednesday B/C Grade: Full Fudge beat Nulec (163 - 108) 

“Good design is obvious. Great design is transparent.” –Joe Sparano #designthinking #inspiration 

When you see a software update for your phone, do you update immediately or do you put it off? 

Janne Haze fucked at box workout on the ring 

"Aids to the Identification of Flying Objects" - UFOs/UFOlogy - 1968 Booklet  

Where in London to learn some new skills. They might even be useful. Sort of  

<EMOJI>️GAMEDAY vs Opelika! Come out to the Duck tonight and help us raise money for Soccer for a Cure!! 

Enjoy these jaw-dropping images from our new South #Wales Argus Camera Club  #Cymru 

FIVE !! MAkita Catalogs and Brochures From 2001,2002,2008,2009  

Doggie fucking with redhead in glasses 

So, returned from Trier, got off the train at Cents-Hamm train station, biked down Val de Hamm and tried to get onto the sidewalk... (1/2)

People blaming ref    haha Think he's been ok. No arguments. We're stupid. So dumb at times its untrue

Who gives a flying Fuck! Obama is a spy. Where is your fucking outrage? 

Thu 6th Apr 13:00: The #Weather in #Ipswich is currently Partly cloudy and 13C | Max: 16C Min: 6C - #MyWeather

┻┳| ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| ┻┳| ┳┻| _ ┻┳| •.•) - the gender pay gap ┳┻|⊂ﾉ is a myth #EqualPayDay ┻┳|

Top story:Future Leaders and Tech Tools “Innovate Together” – The Principal of …  see more 

SE Asia Stocks-Most edge down in subdued trade; Indonesia hits record high - Reuters 

Film Distribution Insurance - Perfect example of why every filmmaker needs it  

I FUCKING CRIED HOSEOK NOTICED JRE FUUKVING CRYIGN 

Life can become unrecognizable overnight. Michael Bublé could attest to that fact. It doesn’t always have to mean... 

Trying to sort my whole life out today before the chaos of working 40+ hours and studying for 25 hours a week ensues...   

5 10FT 3.5MM MALE JACK AUX STEREO CABLE CORD IPAD IPHONE IPOD TOUCH MP3 CD WHITE  

Hildegard Gunzel 1997 Florence/Pandora Last Days Summer Doll Original Box COA  

Warm wishes to speaker of Maharashtra Legislative Council Sh Ramraje Nimbalkar. May god bless you with long and hea… 

Welcome April, a month of pure fun in my favoritass pages !!! Guys I expect from 8 am to 2 pm every day muaaak    l… 

Be sure to check out the spring craft show happening now until 3 p.m.:  

Workers try to defend their livelihood and the Federal Government is taking them to court. Shameful. 

4,999 friends on my wall. 4,999 friends. Make a post, pass it around, tell the truth....4,998 friends on my wall. Fuck it all!!!

We'll ask her why she's happy and she'll say "because I'm not sad." We'll ask her why she's beautiful and she'll say "because I'm not ugly."

bitch I'm screaming joon looks so good with dark hair, i was waiting for dis kind of comeback...all we need after i… 

Buy now or hold your peace. I called MMEX before the rise. Get ready as it is going up to .07 tomorrow

Gillie Da Kid with the real talk on who your real family are "Family Are Who Treat U Like Family":  via

I want to hear   mediocre news on the mediocre news networks by mediocre talking heads talking in mediocre voices! Dopey Dope Dopes!

Two new paintings, done with paint markers uploaded to my Flickr  

Getting ready for the season! Bruce says the water is warming up. And this other lil guy is enjoying the sunshine.

Bitch I'm Michael Jackson dangerous, I got yes Julz in my bracelet.

It's not easy to understand your feelings today and you may ch... More for Libra 

Central Texas News: Crews to investigate head-on crash that killed 13 in Texas #SanAntonio 

To button eyes and solitude. To messed up hair and evening blues. Here is to a life, spent clicking selfies.… 

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

 Today was Wacky Hair, Wheels and Mufti Day. The money r... 

Glad to see you having fun ateng! You deserve it   (c) trishdenise IG {bowgun} 

Donald Trump declares end to 'war on coal', US energy giants ignore him - The Independent  

Maradona pleads innocence amid accusations of influencing Messi's Argentina ban 

Moving to southampton was hands down the best decision I've ever made   I don't want to leaveeeeeeeeeeee

Watching the programme on the crash Isle of Sheppey. Some bloody idiots on the roads. Driving 70 in thick fog  

[31-03-17 9:52:13] Frosts 0% (To 14.34°C, Tr -2.36°C, P 767.00mmHg, H 30.84%, Alt 78.46m), Ti 18.25±0.5°C, Uion 4.001V, TimeUP 464052us

My sister sounds so much like my mother sometimes. Especially when dia komen my father's choice in fashion.

Good way to end my night after my soccer game ; green tea and video games  #Iscored 

Maybe Trump had to do # 2. When you eat junk food like he does, with that massive stomach, when you have to go, you… 

Fucking fuuuuming that I'm on a drinking ban when the weathers like this I need a pint asap or am gunna commit

these mattress size charts are fucking me up 

Creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p... More for Pisces 

Deal of the Day: Boston Scientific Corp agreed to buy Swiss medical device maker Symetis SA for $435 million #MnA 

We are pleased to announce the release of the #German translation of #Limos4Germany! #travel #limousineservice… 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Children Kids Inflatable Santa Funny Reindeer Antler Hat Ring Toss Christmas Hol  

At least compromised. Without any peepee tapes or other dirty tapes Putin knows about shady(illegal)deals inlc.mone… 

Just watched the Pepsi commercial and I don't get what the big deal is. But why the fuck is it 2 mins and 40 secs long? Thats a damn episode

Fun how they're all going after Gray. One could be forgiven for thinking he was leading in the polls. #GA6

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

Seriously?? Just fucking seriously?! Cause you think I'm a fucking mind reader!!

When drastic cancer treatment left them with unexpected weight gain Sonya and Fiona took #fatloss #weightloss 

Landan 5lbs 1oz and Westan 5lbs 5oz    landan has the hat  auntie loves u guys! 

#Pray that #God will open the eyes of the #AmericanPeople to understand what is really going on in #America  Can we… 

#Electricity How to Slash Your Power Bill by up to 75%  

Bestial Invasion - See You in Hell (Grim Reaper cover) teaser 

"I was hoping for better legs, couldn't really respond to the attacks. 5th was the best I could do today" #RVV 

4/10, Sally makes an abrupt change in her plans with Thomas; the Spectra clan's plan for espionage pays off. #BoldandBeautiful

Syria, Iraq, Yemen: What is our mission? What is our exit strategy? Where is the oversight, accountability? Why the silence? #resist

It's all set up for us to get promoted at Ipswich away. Can't fucking wait.

lmao, they big mad, you know what the killing part is.. they do the same type tweeting about men 

You might be gleefully anticipating a day off, only to be conf... More for Aquarius 

Thesis: The Racial Contract has always been recognized by nonwhites as the real moral / political agreement to be challenged.

Good to see Wigan having faith in their kids. Unlike KC who would rather populate the team with average journeymen. #SLLeeWig

"The only thing worse than overcoming others is overcoming your own demons." Oh gaaahdddd. Whoever made this,... 

ITS OFFICIAL!!!!      Touch liquid foundation has taken the top spot in my business for most popular product   

am i the only person on the planet that thinks ed sheerans galway gal is a shite song seriously its a bad copy of the real galway gal

#NuggetsNation #ItsANewDay #GoNuggets Michael Malone not happy after Nuggets' loss to the Hornets  #GoNuggets

Nivea actually ran an ad with the slogan 'white is purity' and didn't end well 

i took these 2 minutes before i walked into work 45 minutes early bc emmanuel didnt even show up 

It’s difficult to go past #RCB with their strength in batting. Quality of players and the coaching staff, make them side to beat: Chris Lynn

Why does EVERY man in a van bib at me?!? So fucking pervy

2. Stop Cuffing these Dirty ass niggas that eat everybody pussy and these Bacterial Infested Pussy Ass Hoes

Born of the things that were all people on that often panic-stricken men came together, men came ...

Fake WordPress plugin will hack your website - SetThings  

Cloud9ne kicks the year off with “Link up” featuring Grip boy Endia  

I'm be buying training bras soon, dealing with cycles and attitudes. Soon these lil stank ass boys ain't be ugly to them.    

Best-selling author Othniel J Seiden MD's book is on top again!  You're gonna love it - just like everyone else!

why is there a horse raising mini game on my tumblr and how do I opt out I don't think I have the determination to keep Decision alive

Bitches still crazy so probably 

27 years of loyal service, and the last thing the guy does is leave his crap all over the ring like a slob.… 

Found out in spending 2400-2600 a month just on Uber for work and checking in there. Can't waiiiit to get another fucking car.

Subscribe To him He is a pokemon youtuber who just started! He actually has 6 videos as of April 3 2017 Please Sub… 

I be fucked up trippin        

Gotta love the sound of Katie in the background of every. one. of. my. videos. 

Man, that shit would drive me insane 

"Do not be the person who puts your product above your culture. Instead, focus on providing meaning to the work you… 

Do you know who are awesome? My 13 new followers in the last week! Growing with 

im out of 1 ingredient for dinner and im wishing right now I had a 16 year old child who just passed their driving test to go get it   ‍    

This is fucking devastating 

I just dont understand why Party Shitty's managers are so fucking annoying with their favoritism

Sometimes the best cure for a restless mind is a quiet night i... More for Pisces 

#pagedbecause some amoral locum agency decided to phone the on call senior registrar to see if we would use their doctors.

#amazon #fashion Hudson Women's Taylor High Waist Flare, White, 26 $139.00  

Practically screamed NO at a rando HS senior today when she told me she's considering WCU over a 5-year program for Speech...not on my watch

Wow! That lil rib has seen a lot of love! #milesonthewheel #bencarter #talesofaredclayrambler #makermade 

Ugh why is it that I wake up n wanna go back2bed..not wake up do stuff and take a nap later in the day.I wanna have some tea maybe food n   

Officer who Tasered Sammy Yatim facing misconduct charges #D1  

A fucking Hyundai just beat me in a race wtf is this a

Not sure which one is more me: Toby pretending and failing to play drums or Toby being a burrito and rolling around… 

Dani here! I am a math education student at the University of Nebraska and I am working at a summer camp in Texas this summer! #mnlead

How will we tax robots? What will it mean for questions like universal basic income? These will be interesting quest…

Undocumented immigrant who's married to Trump supporter deported to Mexico  

Tactfulness mastery organization as an instance high handle evolution in reference to an shape: aXbmsab

When i'm rich off my app/software ideas, ur gonna catch me dressin up like Asap Rocky or Travis Scott while speaking to thousands of people.

It could seem like there are invisible boundaries in place tha... More for Aquarius 

I have no real issue with this response to the chemical attack, but Trump claiming this was a of defense of the Syrian people is a joke.

As an IR specialized scholar, this has been the worst 9 years of my fucking life and it just gets worse

Niggas get some pussy and go talk all about it on twitter like they don't know how to act. I swear niggas can be so lame and annoying.

I'd rather be breaking things cuz we can't see, we're to busy kissing jus making scenes here come the police the know bout ur history

Samsung Galaxy Tab E 9.6 16GB Black Android Wi-Fi Tablet Computer SM-T560NU  

Let it be known that I hate being a fucking team leader. 

Last year marked the first time since 2013 that solar energy growth outpaced wind energy - IRENA:… 

RUSSIA and SYRIA promised World   to Remove AND DID NOT  President Trump did a targeted  removal of the ability 2 use… 

redhead goes crazy with my cock 

Why does Neil Lennon still think he's innocent in all this "square go " nonsense , has he still not watched it yet ?

I'm just letting myself choke on my nosebleed the tissue is literally 2 feet away from me but is jus,,dis is who I become

(1/2) While I do not support the US being "world police" I may support a war in Syria if it had a clear goal of stopping ISIS's spread

South Africa’s credit rating just got downgraded to junk. Could this be the end for Jacob Zuma? - Los Angeles Times 

Official Release: Tony Romo to join CBS, replaces Phil Simms -  

The new worth Ethic; Get on welfare do nothing and get paid like Politicians but only a lot less 

Smh. I thought I liked a Nigerian man once. A couple months proved that I thought wrong. 

Don't even attempt to leave the crib shit nasty out there

9 delicious allergy-free easter recipes the whole family can actually eat:  

25 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

What if you were hit by a penny falling from a skyscraper? #The_Undertaker #Wrestlemania 

#SkyBarFilms 17 Best Supervillain Quotes From Comic Book Movies  #Followback 

I think to myself "Im ready for a relationship" Then I see some relationships and Im like "thank god im single"

Her Dad Died Months Before Her Wedding. She Loses It When Her Brother Reveals A Surprise 

Sound Bites: A Depression-Fighting Diet, Gluten-Free Dangers And More -  

I can imagine handing over my drawing for someone to publish, then find out they exported it with an awful setting… 

We're excited to offer this rare American Airlines Admiral's Club AA Angles shirt. It's so rare… 

Dominatrix Drags in a Slut To Be Fucked 

 I never imagine what happens on the backstage so we can watch a perfect show

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

My curious cat has been like a desert and now all of a sudden I'm getting really deep messages about anonymity and such

#NewEngland’s #War for #Casino Patrons Heats Up with New #Gambling Expansion Legislative Efforts 

Secret Greece: the 18 places you'd never thought to visit (but really should) 

But now, in 2017, almost all file distribution happens over the Internet, and the product in question is heavily disc-oriented.

everyone is so fucking annoying i wish i could drown them in mayonnaise

What's going on? 'Money Power Day', free financial planning fair, held…  Get found -> 

me and my girlfriend fucking in my house 

Truth is 45 may not last a term, and he definitely won't last with the likes of bitter Bannon. #resist… 

#Auckland's loss hands Canterbury third Shield # Tom Blundell and Peter Younghusband's ... -  

Braless Rita Ora shows off assets through sheer top - PHOTO  

Thank you Dr. King for your unwavering dedication to equality for all God's kids. #MLK  

Customize your own sportswear with high quality. We offer all types of sportswear/ team wear to player, coach, clu… 

More Cash To Help Find Killers Who Murdered Kansas City Veteran Just Walking His Dog 

will never get over how bad this guy's poker face is. it is of historical proportions 

Two nasty brunette chick blowing cock 

  Camo Tenth Anniversary of Mixed Messages (8-20-08) —–  

When ur coloring ur hair and u add too much developer bc you're worried u won't have enough color and now ur hair is isn't vibrant enough

#BrockLesnar #RAW #WWE BROCK LESNAR Series 47 Superstar #15 Wrestling Figure - NEW  

OrthoIndy employees are getting started on building a home for a Veteran this morning! We love working with… 

Trump considering options for Syria retaliation, source says. The tail that wag the dog # RNC 

Yeah okay so retirement is waaaaaaay down the road. But why not get ahead of the game. Bring a friend and get smart… 

How You Can Survive and Succeed in High Level of Uncertainty In Your Environment 

I just wanna go in my room and close the fucking door

#sotheby`s #saatchigallery #artauction Exhibition possibility for talented artists with famous gallery 

The Big Lebowski (Blu-ray Disc, 2011, Limited Edition; DigiBook)  

Self-employed people to benefit from free dental and optical exams for the first time – Cllr Murphy  #clonmel

I googled 'jimmy from 'scary godmother'' and now everytime i open safari i see this..... 

I really really really really really really really REALLY really really really really really fucking hate her

Like and share this pure awesomeness! #sky #southernmanneroutdoors #vacation 

Ever wake up not knowing how you got there? Imagine the horror... this is how Elise Phillips,… 

General stands up for Big Bird: Stanley McChrystal: Save PBS. It Makes Us Safer. 

If you aren't doing anything with your life #StayFarAwayFromMe - I don't want you to rub off on me...I'm all about the grind! ! #Just

Oli -I care so much you and I hope you are doing okay . You are such an amazing person ily ,. Pls post some more art soon

SHAMEFUL DISGRACED CNN Rages Against 'Susan Rice Bombshell', Urges Viewers To Ignore Story | Zero Hedge 

Don't try to understand me, I fucking hate explaining myself.

First one down... thanks again Black Metal Mike! #daveborjes #daveborjestattoo #bfg… 

Starting up or scaling up? #Digital marketing explained in room ICC Capital Suite - 17 at 11:15 #SageSummit

All I know is I'm treating myself to a big ass blunt and a bomb ass lunch after the dentist fixes my tooth rn!!!

I have been on Twitter for 3 years, 9 months, 19 days (since 16 Jun 2013). And you? 

Communication with family members and friends may seem constra... More for Libra 

I can't finish iron fist .. so boring where is the kung fu and shit

Where are avenues in your church where creatives can experiment and be able to learn and fail? Read this:… 

#Mane has now been involved in 18 league goals this season (13 goals, 5 assists), his best ever return in a PL campaign.

Prospects Troy Grosenick named the AHL 1st All-Star goalie // Devon Toews and Danny O'Regan named on Rookie AHL All-Star team!

There's something not quite right about baseball's first game of the season taking place in a dome in Florida.

A Midtjylland routine helped #ManchesterUnited defeat Shrewsbury in the FA Cup #ManchesterUnited 

Six church leaders back in court to face outcome of appeals  

Conte Gives Honest Appraisal of the Challenge That Still Faces Chelsea: 'There Are No Easy Games' - 90min… 

It's a shame this is April Fool's, because it's probably a good idea #BanGymSelfies 

To all those people that think track isn't a contact sport-I just got hit with a metal baton in the 4x800

I am sooooo tired of hearing about the fucking coal miners!

My favorite is when the guy who almost gets kicked off plane/arrested for refusing to check his oversized carry-on quotes James at the staff

My bro sns_icygang droppin New free album on April 7th  Track 9 "Hell yeah" produced by me  … 

Killing of Orcas in front of tourists could spell end of "traditional" whaling for island nation. #IWC #OpWhales… 

What the bloody hell is happening? 

Its a GAL Thing You Wouldnt Understand T-Shirts Hoodies ... | Sun ... -  #TShirts #Shirts… 

Volkswagen marketing director admits: battery kWh cost is already at 200 € - Push EVs 

spoiler alert: the boss baby is torn apart by dogs at the end of the movie while an entire crowd cheers 

SUCKING fucking CREAMPIED Koeran with Vibrator 

  YASSS It's time for a great show JΞDI Mama  :Unda the sea  #give  

Can you reach my friend? bring his searching to an end Let him give his heart to YOU #MAYWARDForMcDonalds

Every scientist claimed they had found the gene, which ended up just one likelihood of many 

Oh my fucking gosh, that's what heaven sounds like 

The best part is I'm lewd, SERIOUS, and DETAILED. So if I'm not fucking, I'll kick your characters with a story! RT if you can relate!

Job Opening: Project #Manager Positions for MTA at TDX Construction in #Manhattan. #jobs 

What a beautiful day for a #TrafficJam. Instead of being upset that my country which hosts the… 

Jinwoo is beautiful like omg please my eyes are blessed with such magnificent visual i cant, i might not need my gl… 

Forgive the ones that betrayed you. Even if it's a person that dragged your name and reputation through the mud, choose forgiveness and move on.

A LINE OF STRONG THUNDERSTORMS WILL AFFECT NORTHEASTERN CLARK, OLDHAM, NORTHWESTERN SHELBY, TR till 5:45 PM EDT 

Car Culture: Many Americans fear self-driving cars - The Detroit News  #Cars #CarNews

I love living a 6-minute drive from all this cuteness.  #Portland #portlandmaine #Maine… 

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

I say I'm teaching them about the importance of sharing but really I'm just hungry. 

Do you need to get motivated? Bruce Springsteen's autobiography is soooo good. There's a motivated, upbeat guy. Still rockin' out. And HOT.

All the black man had to say was " ok... but I bet you can't beat my ass..." and he would have won the argument    … 

Just tell me where to go, just tell me where you wanna to meet I navigate myself, myself to take me where you be....

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Anxiety~ It's when you hate yourself~ (sung to the tune of that one song about "responsibility is when u do things riiiiiight"-

Puppy dreams #minigoldendoodle #goldendoodlebreeder #goldendoodle #goldendoodlesofinstagram… 

Haveing a lovely birthday night with the Fam a lam. Linda Clayton Jake Syron Christine Syron Melissa Sands xx — drinking beer

The desert of a tough Sunday is a thirsty place that should drive us to the Living Water. 

If a girl doesn't wanna talk to you anymore, she doesn't wanna talk anymore. "Hey can I call you back. I need to close the fridge"

#김태형 #   angel blessing us with his deltamusc. (deltoideus-musc.)+fresh looking Abs (rectus-abdominis-musc) gucci b… 

The 10 Coolest Colorful Eyeliners You Can Buy at the Drugstore  

Remember Toonami fans, 5 years ago we used 4/1 to bring Toonami back. We you but we also wanna give a little to Rick and Morty fans too.

"in every group theres always that one ugly friend uhh, no?? me and my girls are all smokin hot babes who r gonna slay the world srry bby

Man fuck it if you not F.C.M.G , SC 4700, and or Greenlife then I'm sending good shots at y'all weak Asses    

$XENE PHN data with partner $TEVA is mid 2017 If ++ we could see $10+ Expect a run up into data 

The 1 (Other) Way To Get Out of Debt: Don’t Pay It, Then “Pay As Agreed Upon” 

#latina girls geting fucked couple sex guide 

maybe bcos my classmates misgender me everytime and making some idiotic ship

Not again!!!! BBC News - Stockholm lorry rams crowds, killing 'at least four people' 

How to Cook Fresh Chicken Drumsticks in a Conventional Oven : Hearty Recipes #Chicken #Recipes - 

"I like to write about the way things used to be and paint pictures of my memories with beautiful words and melodies." - Lana Del Rey

Guy Verhofstadt: #Brexit a Tory cat-fight that got out of hand, a loss of time, a waste of energy, and stupidity 

Consumer Credit Counseling Service in Hawaii   Free Consumer Credit Counseling in Hawaii c…

Didn't post this earlier cuz I went out for the day after I bought the packs but fuck I can't believe how lucky I w… 

32% of execs will use #analytics to ensure better risk management and post-closure valuation #EYGDS 

Auto burglary suspect tracked by ankle monitor in Chickasha  

Over the weekend I had to say goodbye to baby girl Fiona. She wasn't acting like herself and… 

HE FUCKING SANG IN MY DREAMS WHAT IS THIS BULLSHIT AND FUCKERY

You gotta send him Good Morning and Good Night texts even when you wake up and go to sleep together    

Maid Squirting While Fingered Fucked Cum To Mouth On The Bed 

But keep protecting illegal criminals. until something horrible happens to one of the idiots protecting them they w… 

 >Download game.>Install.>Check for mods/fixes/optimisations.>Download and install those.>Fiddle with the settings…

How would they carry on the story to season 2 though if the whole plot of s1 was about hannah baker's death? #13ReasonsWhy

anyone that knows me knows i love _________ quote with what you think the answer is and copy this tweet to see what people say about you

Women need to heed the warning signs of cardiovascular disease  #heartdisease

The Alameda County Fair has expanded for 2017. They will have 20 concerts during the run of June 16th - July 9th. #2017SummerConcertSeason

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Zurich, CH for now (11h58m01s UT): 05°32'43.8'' #Leo (AC) / 17°27'52.2'' #Aries (MC)

Yall Grandma's gone get yall for playing around in them curtains     literally the most funniest thing ... anybody else's looking   

Tampering of EVM started from Gujarat ,now speeding across India #BJPtamperingEVMs 

Production of at least one third of the world’s food, including 87 of the 113 leading food crops, depends on polli… 

Happy Bday u turd! hope ur day was a 10/10  can't wait to party hard w/ u tomorrow. love you!!   

Those fucking DM's ain't from me people..don't fall for the trap!

DO NOT GO AROUND MY FUCKING CHILD IF YOU DONT EXPECT TO HAVE FUCKING WORDS WITH ME. That is MY son MINNNE.

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Middlesbrough go top of Championship table after dramatic win over Reading ##Championshiptable 

i literally forgot that i allie her already bc i was so fucked up when i met her 

#Wrestlemania the ramp leading up to the ring is fucking ridiculous I would die of exhaustion walking up n down that bastard

Number crunching for the past day - 1 new follower and NO unfollowers. Stats via 

This sounds so fucking demonic oh my god        

nah its just sad to see people taking their parents for granted who cares if they embarrass u i wish my mom was sti… 

Danger Will Robinson danger!!! Watch out for that #Copper pot doubler, it could be dangerous. #ADI2017 

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

strategist Steve Bannon. A report in Axios on Friday morning states the commander in chief in considering House Majority Leader Kevin

Ride safe this weekend from the whole motion team, just like D-Mac did whilst tackling the rock garden on his way... 

Its like you nasty , I'm nasty     baby we belong together. That lick my cum off her fingers type nasty and I adore that    let me wife you

I wanna be dramatic on twitter but I know I'll end up deleting the tweets .005 seconds later so there's no point

I am an addict. I just took a Black Lagoon S01E10 and I continue up to the overdose.  

Psychologist Philip Zimbardo of the Stanford Prison Experiment: Trump is a fucking loon (shorter version)… 

But the government tells us that stuff is too expensive but we spend more on our military than the next 8 or 9 countries combined...

The number of active thieves grows in proportion to the number of nepredman. 

Just an update on the two bunnies. I've named them Louis and Fendi. They are my children now. 

A9: NO to selfie sticks! Only bc most people don't know how to use them and those things get in the way! #foodtravelchat

#Hot Boston Celtics #NBA Tradition 16 Championships Boston Garden Gold Coins  #eBay 

Custom color Cetic RIbbon Gold CIRCLET head by DawnHillDesigns  

I've just watched episode S09E01 of RuPaul's Drag Race: ...!  

Horny Arab Girl fucking the Pillow 

I just deleted all my nier automata save files to save someone in that fucking rigged credits minigame

But wait why tf u would even think I give a damn about ur opinion! KMS hoe I have a fucking life!!!

A 13-year-old sobbed on camera when ICE took her father away. Now she has a plan. 

[Mordialloc] Snorlax (M) (IV: 40%) until 11:44:58AM at 9 Bradshaw St  

Mike Pence Asks Waiter To Remove Mrs. Butterworth From Table Until Wife Arrives  by… 

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

I hate false advertising. I could have slept another damn hour.

It's fucked up how a nigga think he has control over you just because your having his kid.

And let's see how many civilians are killed in this supposed response to Assad killing civilians. 

I don't understand how that can be a fucking priority to someone   ‍  ‍

it's not someones fucking fault that they have a disability

All things work together for those who love God. But remember, faith without works is dead. That means GET UP and Wor… 

Looking like you have gone happy on the gfuel and then done a twitter video cliche!!! 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Join the Hunger Strike to raise awareness and $ for famine relief! 7 million face famine! #Yemen #YemenIsStarving… 

Lingerie thing numéro un: I needed a strapless bra to wear to a wedding I'm in this month. This one is so pretty, a… 

Based on his lack of accomplishment at Twitter, Dorsey should be forced to PAY $100 million per year to even work… 

San Diego public schools will create ‘safe spaces’ for Muslims while forcing non-Muslim students to learn about… 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

a fucking raccoon fell out of the ceiling onto the rink

#SHOUTOUT to the niggas that don't want a nagging ass bytch but get mad wen a bytch don't blow they line up 

Priyanka Chopra becomes the second most beautiful woman Miss India. After plastic surgery? 

Naruto Shippuden Ultimate Ninja Storm 4 Walkthrough Gameplay Part 5 BOYS' BATTLEFIELD (Xbox One) HD:  via

Remember Anja Nissen from The Voice Australia? Well... our own Anja is representing #denmark in #kyiv2017... 

If your miserable it's because you choose to be there's always a way you can change it. Just have to learn to have faith in yourself

Hardcore fucking with ravishing playgirl 

Portraits as reliquaries - vessels containing a splinter of the body, as a way of transferring divine experience #DisArtSymposium

If House of Yes had west coast doppelgangers - it would be Super Geek League! I recommend checking out their... 

THANK YOU EXO FOR BEING MY MOTIVATION ,MY HOPE AND A HUGE PART OF MY HEART  #5YearswithEXO 

I keep getting updates on pending houses, and the shit is driving me insane.

Same old Arsenal - Gunners exactly where they were last season  

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Listening to Ss talk about their career aspirations brought up fond memories of my own childhood dreams. What did y… 

There are so many ways that data can be used to better understand the important relationship… 

Mexico is about to take another step to pivot its economy away from the U.S. and...  by #CNN… 

Journey back to NYC starts now. Had a great time at Shuffle. What a way to start PMCC17. Can't wait for the next event

I haven't watched Shrek for ages (since I was 9?)and I just finished watching it and there were so many dick jokes?? Like ok Shrek I see you

gabby here to throw a copy of just cause 3 at your fucking face

Too many eggs and some lemons and limes. Made a tart and tried out sweet pastry. Extra mix in ramekins 

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

This guacamole burger has me fucked all the way up

Asking for a friend. I've got loads of course. Mine take up three lines. I don't still only have eight despite 60+ hours playtime.

You do’t want to be one of these posers that buys a fucking 5D MK.III and L Lenses just to take pictures of their sneakers. *CRINGES*

Idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth. you’re an idiot, babe. it’s a wonder that you still know how to breathe

Hoes always talking bout if u ate they pussy u can't say nothing bad bout em.. Boy lying hoe I was caught up in the moment

I just completed the #OneCroreOnePlus hunt for the OnePlus 3T and moved one step closer to winning Rs 1 crore. 

Thank you to all the #oncologists who make #clinicaltrials part of routine #breastcancer care.  #NationalDoctorsDay

Drinking Piss In Dirty LongJohns 

ICYMI: #Washington state parents are pushing for medical #cannabis.  

#QOTD "Most of the time when someone negatively says You aren't where You're supposed to be, They want to be... 

I'd consider it! Bacon is not monogamous. Pizza, Brussels Sprouts, Lettuce and Tomato, Eggs, Pancakes, Waffles, past… 

Commented on StockTwits: just steady $HQY monthly... targeting 60 handle this time around  

3 years ago we lost our beloved Luke. RIP Son. We all miss you so bad. #MCFC 

My gpa passing in Dec has forced me to be a stronger person, was successful until last week when I lost T. Today I… 

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

If you dont have any #work to do, watch this interesting #youtube video:  

Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Sandy, UT?  #Hospitality #Hiring 

ps4 broadcast #GHOSTRECON. GHOST RECON WILD LANDS story mission #3 welcome to"operation kings layer " live at 

WATCH: Teen Sings “Hallelujah” Into Well and Goes Viral Overnight  

Gah! Quit yelling at me! You're freaking me out! Stress is bad for the heart! Are you trying to kill me?!

 We preview the best of the action from the #LeagueofIreland tonight, with prices included.

Insane. Utterly fucking insane. 

EXCLUSIVE: UK Government's quick deal for Brexit payment and EU citizens revealed…  #Brexit

Now playing News Feature: Rent-a-Narc by Bill Lichtenstein! Listen live:  #WBCN #TheAmericanRevolution

We must resist Trump’s nomination of yet another yes man to back his dangerous policies. We must stand against Gorsuch. #WeObject

Hey Clueless; Your MORON President Obama pushed for their releases! Now you want to blame Trump because Obama left… 

But I don't know all the contours of the landscape around the river. Just the little rivulet offshoots.

Ray Ban 80th Anniversary,All Made in a Legitimate Factory,Come With New Box And Certificates  

I refuse to view another "Which ____ are you?" quiz or post unless it's based on the Layed Back, Fighter, Crazyass, and Truck Guy spectrum

Basically me every day of my life: 21 People Who Forgot A Word And Just Made Some Shit Up 

how fucking sheltered are you that you think that's a fucked up joke 

I recently stumbled into some cash and I've decided 2 host an impromptu StarCraft tournament TODAY w/ a $10,000 prize pool!! More details soon

I can lose my home training any fucking where.. You will tell me if you bought it for me... Abi you borrowed me mo… 

How To Raise Confident Multiracial Children  #YouTubeFamilia #MulticulturalBloggers

keep them on so you can know around what time you had me fucked up 

Well. Just so you know. Most higher up executive in ME:A are males. So yeah, there you go. Males are ruining themselves.

Sat 09:16 FREQUENCY LOVES YOU by #FREQUENCY360BLUESLOVE #nowplaying #FREQUENCY360RADIO 

like how u just gon roast somebody for a whole ass verse and think saying you're there for them is gonna fix it?

gianinela, 43, is ONLINE: Come to spend some pleasant moments with a busty and hot woman, who would do…… 

Buhari spent our tax payers money on his "personal" health, yet he has the gut to say he cannot disclose how he spent our money. BIG INSULT

Okayyyy soooo I'M SEEING JUSTIN IN A FUCKING WEEEKKKKKK OMGGGG      

"Distance doesn't work." "Wow.. I'll pray for you guys..might work..might not" "Distance is rough..don't know how you can do that"

Ahmed Musa to sue over wife beating reports Leicester and Nigerian forward,Ahmed Musa is considering legal... 

Who and did you think you were voting for? He's been pretty clear from beginning who and what he is, as you can see… 

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

Clearly being 7yrs old is suiting my little lady! After years of waking at 5am she's finally managed a saturday morning lie in of 7.30am!!

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

I wouldn't mind if it looked decent instead of looking like a generic mobile game with FFXV slapped on. 

No Joke! 30 great things to do, all found in Jenn's Picks April 2017  

What are you thoughts on homework? Should we be giving kids less, more, the same? #kids #PArentingTips 

When telling someone you work in a analytical and physical chemistry lab people are shocked #BlackWomenAtWork

 History of 725-444-8981 in #reno.Find #hotgirls posting in the NaughtyReviews #sugardaddy #adult archives.

-anything but tbh idk why I did I thought it would change something but it didn't. I also wanna say that if your gonna say something say -

Some guy on ig that doesn't even know me; asked me if I had a boyfriend because he liked me. lmao gtfoh boyyy

Hahahahahhaha I actually can't fucking deal oh my god

It's comical when ppl who voted for a man who colluded w Russia to get elected criticize ppl using this hashtag.… 

Thinks fans need to look at the bigger picture. Fantastic season imo, building a team slowly, chasing the big boys. Get over it. #Everton

Literally about to say something to these freshman girls in my weights class   stop fucking staring!

 Google Opens Up on Open Source | Development content from ... - Windows IT Pro  #OpenSourc…

#culito #cul seafood #titless #pornofm bathroom #herne fucking 

I hate when my core is not levels it fuck up everything about me

Time to vote for the guys who get it done in the trenches. This week’s Fan Favorite poll features the O-Line: 

Seun Egbegbe Implicates Younger Brother In His Criminal Case  

finna get a dual cam engine for my Honda and swap out the ugly ass 18in rims its riding on rn

dimetrodone: iwannabeadored: wugaazi: That guy who went around painting dicks over potholes so they would... 

Cheers to a magical evening at Drawing Room kicking off our newest exhibit, Homage! If you were unable to join us... 

Grassley is a damn liar and saying everything for the stupid #MAGA Supporters. Repubs #gaslight all gullible… 

The Institute for Bird Populations is pairing with Opossum Creek Retreat in WV near the New River Gorge to host a... 

Let's be realistic again: I'm not going to be as persistent as i used to be so ppl might start expecting nothing from me

ANN7 still treats Chris Hart as an "Economist", besides having a higher cert in education. Oh and don't forget this… 

JOMOLA SUS304 Stainless Steel Coat Hook Single Towel/Robe Clothes ... -  #Stainless-Steel-Co… 

Currently On The Office Stereo: #WarOfTheWorlds original #Soundtrack - You can't beat a classic #JeffWayne #HGWells… 

Nintendo’s annual company handbook is a stunning reminder of the year ahead. 

LightningAsic wants to hire lawyer to challenge Bitmain ASICBOOST patent  

This might be mean but I have a serious question. What is this? It looked like her hairline was about to peel off. 

If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. - African Proverb KISSES GlitzAndGlam

Dr. Ami Barakat is well-known for his talent and passion for cosmetic dentistry. 

When the Hardys came out I accidentally slapped my son on his back so hard that he started coughing and I felt really bad about it.

Youtube is just fucking everyone over ugh 

Who's looking for the perfect end to Grand National weekend?! TONIGHT from 12 Haus brings you our standard Saturday… 

Pizza, sweetie, I am so sorry. I am so sorry that a nasty hooligan would do something like this, oh my god. 

Only the corrupt are laughing and a very nervous laughter at that. Rest of us r pleased that at least we are talking… 

There's an Irishman, a homose.ual, and a Jew standing qt a bar. What a fine example of an integrated community.

How could you relate when you ain't never been great and rely on rap money to keep food upon your plates nigga?

Two music videos by one of the leading film service production of Ukraine Radioaktive Film are up for The Webby... 

How come smaller people always feel the need to 1 up me? I see it happen to bigger dudes all the time. It's some BS, and annoying.

That's what I fucking hate. Every defender just backing off and letting Aguero take on the shot. Make some bloody tackle.

Join me and pledge per Lap for Raye McCoy Elementary Fun Run. Hayden is super excited about running in this! 

A powerful series of stories about the importance of discussing mental wellbeing with friends and family… 

The new book burners  ...and they're teaching your kids... think about that... #homeschool 

10 people followed me and 6 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Getting pink put through my hair again after being a Blondie for a while. Getting my hair done always cheers me up  

What you need to know about the devastating floods in #Peru and their impact on children 

Told me you'd never leave and you were the first one to abandon me when things got hard.. look at us now.

U.S. Labor Department to delay 'fiduciary' rule for 60 days pending review #Politics #market 

(7) LOT 36 XBox 360 game manuals. Brand new, perfect condition!  

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

#SaudiArabia resumes discounted #oil shipments to #Egypt  

Cheating Instagram Model accidentally confesses she’s an escort… to her boyfriend. 

       that's why I fucked yo bitch you fat muthafucka     

Auto Heater Fan Dashboard Defroster, only $11.66 #cargadgets  

The amount of extra and effort i'll put into my future child's birthday parties 

Just need to make it through the next 5 weeks and then I can relax and by relax I mean start parking to move...

Three playful babes get fucked in a plastic pool 

  konkeriano22: Hard to take a piss when you’re hard as rock… but I’m a pro at it already! 

Just realized that we hit 16,000 channel views today thank you every one for supporting the stream love you all

NFL Free Agency: Vikings sign former Rams QB Case Keenum to one-year, $2M deal plus incentives - Adam Caplan; 2,201 yards, 9 TDs in 2016 (E…

Why are some people so fucking stupid. Fucking grow a brain lah.

Fires roaring and I got some nice homemade broccoli and cheddar soup. Yummmmm hella excited #soup… 

#CHINA: China March factory activity grows fastest in nearly five years  #NEWS

Vanessa Beeley on Liberation of Aleppo  #syria #aleppo #liberation #whitehelmets

GOP electors must defy voters to deny Trump  Happening Now #PresidentElectTrump #MAGA #privacy

I can't die. I've experienced death countless times. Sometimes, I see a bright light. Sometimes, I see Heaven or Hell.

It's 43.808 F, my compressor is Off. And, “build a wall” is right. But the guy the mastermind. He’s a moron. I call it a nice tone.

Trump Ally Alex Jones Threatens To “Beat” Rep. Adam Schiff’s “Goddamn Ass” In Anti-Gay Tirade  #LGBT

monetizemore : AdTech Thought Leadership: Are we Ready for Header Bidding?  (via Twitter… 

I don't fucking think so mf 

You might have trouble expressing your feelings today, but no ... More for Taurus 

Dispelling the myths: why the gender pay gap does not reflect the 'choices' women make 

Pre-workout shake done. Off to the gym for some Cardio. #GettingHealthyAt44 #LongLifeToLive #DisneyFoodandWine10k

I won a game by 189 point at Moscow stage. Let’s play together![ #Bowling_King

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

I hate the fact that she stay popping up on my tl , nobkody wanna see that ugly ass Bkad bkuilt bkitch

All aboard and getting ready for a fantastic summers cruising in the Loire and Burgundy regions. This is the view... 

the longest fucking movie tho............the suspense is killing me...lol

AIMH is about to be beat by a fucking nugget tweet. That's just sad.

Alan Arkin On His Comic Turn For Going In Style -- Interview#alanarkin #goinginstyle 

feedingjoy: Dotbethune #MissionSaved - "The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the n…

  YASSS It's time for a great show Aizhan Bishop :Castle,Boat, Ferra  

im so happy becuz I finally get to listen to hip bones which I heard in one of olivers snaps and fell in luv wit 

People in your immediate environment may be the cause of emoti... More for Capricorn 

Only 3 Months Of Training These Exercises And You Will Have The Sexiest Butt 

Yes I care about defeating cancer but sending a photo to each other on snapchat is pointless and won't do shit   bu… 

Won't trickle-down economics soon make us all rich? "Giving Like a Rockefeller, Even if You're Not Super-Rich" 

No One RSVPs To Moms Baby Shower, Then Packages From Total Strangers Show Up 

I've done very little to have this chance to be one of the people of God that give thanks, happening only here MCGI #FromEastToWest2017

On The Day Of Her Wedding, She Woke Up Feeling A Bit Strange. Then Her Groom Found THIS... 

New edition of ipl under new administrators no,cheer leaders no Bollywood tadka 

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

good show from Canadia!   sad Mihara got edged out and even sadder for Pogo but another tense competition! congrats to Medo-chan  

Me cumming for my Master before I fucked another guy for him 

Mother fucking Kreator  

Maserati Levante Levante S SPORTING PROWESS Designed to deliver exhilarating all-terrain… 

Brightline takes victory lap as House panel pulls rail bill  

Used to think students in 4th year were dramatic. But this semester is genuinely ruining my emotional and physical health.

THIS PIMPLE ON MY NOSE .... I CNT FUCKIN .... OH MY GOD IT HURTS SO BAD

can all the guests open their eyes a little bit bigger while walking????? hallooo!!!! IS IT I TOO SMALL

Ovchinnikov IV. Hominin evolution and gene flow in the Pleistocene AfricaAnthropol Anz. 2013;70(2):221-7. PubMed PMID: 23980394.

Subpoena #EvelynFarkas and force her to take the 5th on leaking classified information. 

Whoever hit my fucking car, I will fucking find you.

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive shots of Skypiea's "Kami," Eneru!  #TreCru 

I wrote her a letter. If you don't make your girl this happy, you doin sum wrong  ‍  

Holding A Grudge Is Like Letting Someone Live Rent-free In Your Head. So Let Go Of The Hurt And Cheer Up. #ALDUB90thWeeksary

Maybe promises Trump "will do what he can to help them get back to work" was interpreted as effort to "save coal." 

end the IRS (keep our money), make our food good again, bring back real medicine (not drugs), stop the BLM from taking our land, etc. MAGA

It is going to be sad as hell when MAGGIE has to end it all for SASHA (as a Walker) after she commits suicide via Eugene. #TheWalkingDead!

What's crazy is that these niggas messier than these bitches!!  

"the universe is so inhospitable that pretty much 100% of it is instantly fatal"... 

Fuck you twitter. Stop rting stupid fameseeking tweets. This is why Trump won. Gimme 283374 RTs and I will tongue k… 

Trump is a phony businessman and a terrible President. But for ~20% of you, he's a hell of a con man

Oh fuck off Telltale you piece of shits!!     

Shining Armor is often known to debate over the ownership of up to 150 pounds of leaves when there is nothing better to do.

WATCH: #ClimateResilience project helps protect vulnerable people living along the Pyanj River Basin in #Tajikistan 

"This Kid Was Bullied Everyday At School For His Smile. He Received A $100,000 Donation. Who's Laughing Now? 

Katharine Hepburn's former beach homes are back on the market.  

Of course fucking JK is playing Overwatch I TOLD YOU GUYS he took that backpack so he could bring games I have brothers I KNOW.

Click   2  3  #BiggestRespect #ITcanONLYbeGOD… 

HNMC Receives 2017 Women’s Choice Award One of America’s Best Hospitals for #Cancer #Care  

"University that locked out its faculty in the fall is now telling professors they must shrink the core... 

i'd say ok, i'll be upset and probably not want to see both of them as much but as long as they're happy :') 

I like to think that I have thick skin, but if someone texts me "k" they immediately become dead to me

Ok, so... I think I'm having My Hero Academia withdrawals from reading it so much over a week. What do now? >.>

#ArielWinter Celebrates 18th Birthday with a Cake and Her Costars on Modern #ArielWinter  

Started university this year and in the informatics programme, its fun but most of the time its quite challenging 

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

Idiots who feed on race baiting to justify their existence 

#laciblecountry #NowPlaying Jennifer Nettles - Unlove You sur  

Tour of Flanders: Quotes from the start line -   #w2t #quotes

Negotiators can tend to view resources as limited and finite. But this is rarely the case. 

May Allah give me strength to go with the flow without pouring too much of my soul into something so fleeting and temporary.

#BlackMonday SA'n mxm.... when ppl lose the plot. Ask wat u can do 4 ur country and not wat ur country can do 4 u. Fuck u guys r tiring!!!!

Niggas be sooooooo mad when you stop fucking w them like   let that hurt go sus

Tagalog Hugot Love Quotes - Get up, smile and think positive  

this is so nerdy but i love looking at my study program (the "is" codes are my music literature subjects HEHEHE) 

i'all give a bitch her props before i hate on her #FACTS!   ‍.

Watch live: Senate panel votes on Neil Gorsuch, Supreme Court nominee  via USAToday

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

So..a lunch was just delievered for me..but I didn't order it...anyone want to claim responsibility for sending me lunch??!?

ISIS calls Trump an 'idiot' and tells U.S. to await 'bloodbath' in official comments  

Anyone who thinks Tavinier is a player needs a fucking lobotomy

PRAGUE IS SO BEAUTIFUL AND THE AIR IS SO FRESH COMPARED TO MOSCOW!!!     (the Otobek thumbs up approves) 

#news (A Trump infrastructure tax break is not the answer, says former Biden chief of staff) - 

Our one of a kind Sausage Stuffed Peppers with truffle, parmesan cheese, pepper, corn compound butter, shaved... 

Knowledge is knowing that God can teach you something.. Wisdom is knowing that His teaching is harder than you think it is

  PornPros - Dillion Harper and Ava Taylor fucked in threesome 

Could have been the rebels who gassed their own ppl to gain sympathy how can we trust any reporting out of there #FakeNews

Lotor can and must become some knockoff zuko even if I have to break into DreamWorks and write it into the script myself

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

Jamice caption this picture *shows a picture from show* "So u dressed like Sherlock Holmes but im embarrassing u?" Lmaooooo love her

Thank god, stupid fucking situation that should've never been an issue 

The Nuclear Options: Obama Silent over Trump Tower Wiretaps  #Europe 

My mom told me she would go get me unlimited data this weekend because I've been extra good this week  

A US court is scheduled to hold a hearing on Chevron vs Sam Rainsy’s request for CCTV footage of Kem Ley’s murder on May 25.

That lighting is just awesome lol Huuuuuuuump dyaaaaaaaaaaay! Half way through the week! Let's… 

 New Pictures of #DianaGabaldon on Set of #Outlander Season 3  

I know lyme fucks with not just your body but your head and emotions. But damn some if these lymies are just crazy.

Sunburn is the result of your skin cells committing mass suicide to protect you from their damaged DNA, which can cause cancer.

THEN they moved to another spot to pray and she followed them, yelled, then proceeded to call the police when they ignored her.

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#trendstrike #USDCHF is winning 77 % of 18 trades. .Winning trade average is superior to loosing trade's one go… 

Don't call someone ugly. It isn't like they were born and had a choice on how they would look. 

New York Post - Posts | “Some guy gave up his first class seat...  

Local news broadcast clears up all the Draft cliches local news video #49ers  

Dora gets her boyfriend horny by giving him a striptease but she gets more than wha  #anal #gagging #hardcore #teen

Atlanta Film Fest closing party. We'll call that bookends. Opening and Closing… 

Bristol Psychology Professor appointed Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences 

6. When shopping with your child, do you "probe" them to tell you the different colours they see on items?

Parker Bowman sprung on shorthanded breakaway, he goes low on Rogers with 1:20 left in 2nd 6-0 #Powassan #TIMvsPOW #NOJHL

Don't #PrayForSweden or #PrayForStockholm. We've been through this before. We'll be fine. If anything, act and improve the world.

I've always been told I was one of da best in da bedroom. Ion got too many limits wen it comes to pleasing my women

Just saw the videos of the children .... fucking blow this guy off the face of the earth scumbag

It was so weird to see her as a grown up. She was lane from Gilmore girls a minute ago 

Saw #BeautyAndTheBeast last night and it was total crap. The village was WALKING distance from this castle. You could take an Uber pool there.

All games rained out today! V practice 3:00-5:30, begin in Gym. JV practice 4:00-6:00, begin in FH. Practice Shirt and Team Shorts today.

Azelaic acid has been shown effective for mild-to-moderate #acne when applied topically at a 20% concentration.

#michelle rodriguez fucking teenagers in tights 

Baked potato with spicy chicken filling and salad for lunch #slimmingworld #slimmingworlduk… 

"All went pear shaped"   Fucking Mail readers 

Had a great time Kayaking around Singer island and Peanut island #amazing #kayaking… 

On her day of adoption, 21-year-old says you’re never too old for a family - Times Leader -... 

Having M work evenings means no kid-free time during the week means having to run an errand during workday.  

BRO IT'S 2017 SEASON 4 AND PEOPLE STILL FUCKING THROW WHAT?

However, there was a mega babe with long hair and we kept making eye contact. If you find him tell me. That's all the details I got.

Bowling makes me so mad sometimes. All these gutter balls is pissing me off, but I'm tying to maintain my composure.

Simply put, gusto means “enjoyment or vigor in doing something." #WhatsYourGusto 

The sun is out after a solid week of cold, rainy, overcast ridiculousness. It won't last, but I'll always have this tweet.

Everyone makes fun of Razer, and then they try the Razer Deathadder, and they apologize to me when they realize that it is god tier.

Descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today, even i... More for Gemini 

Top story: The Sweet Spot in Educational Design Opportunities | eLearning | e-L…  see more 

I DON'T LIKE TWEETING ABOUT POLITICS BUT I FUCKING HATE TRUMP

Stupid ass uber driver playin race car while I'm in here bitch trippin  

Interested in Slimming World recipes? I am building my collection here:  #slimmingworld… 

New Listing hitting the market tomorrow 4/7     Give is a call if you know of anyone looking to… 

What she saw instead of her dog was seriously disturbing, so she contacted the police. 

Yesterday is history . Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift . That's why it's called the present  .   

Samantha Bee: Ivanka Trump is not 'your secret progressive buddy'  

Was listening to a neighbor table of women in the library talk about how abortion is wrong. Made my day  

Chose to be happy. #JustADivaEncouraging #wordsofencouragement #iamjade #wordsofwisdom… 

#Onlineradio: all foam no beer? #onlineradioportal #GarethCliff #SouthAfrica  

Party sluts getting fucked at the party 

Apple’s Latest Samsung Order Confirms Amazing Rumors About New iPhone 8 Screen 

Creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p... More for Pisces 

fwiw it was Tristan who was fucking up 

When I was in 2nd fucking grade and I couldn't remember a poem we had to memorize. I wanted to cryyyy fjgkh 

Fam and friends. Pops is at: Baylor 1400 8th Ave, Fort Worth, TX 76104. Building A ICU Room #10.. If you want to visit.

Roll the dice! Take a chance! Answer when opportunity knocks!! All these sayings are true and directly effect your thoughts on success...

Brilliant to see top professionals like Marcus Stewart passing on their "Craft Knowledge" to young players who are… 

me: tweets about how badly i want to fucking kill myself today friend: whats wrong wrong me: 

I found this awesome recording of "Asalkan Kau Bahagia" on #Smule:  #SingKaraoke

Gramps: in my day we were tough enough to handle people thinking differently cousin: idk u guys freaked when black people used ur bathrooms

Minnesota man charged with bias-motivated assault on Somali cab driver  

If true, it marks the first welcome surprise re: 45. Also suggests that somewhere in his menagerie of keepers, some… 

i fucking drank a cup of water that cats drink out of.....

#PapuaNewGuinea: #BarrickGold accused of supporting police raid on nearby village; company denies involvement: 

If Mike Pence is in a room with his mom and his wife, who answers when he asks a question and addresses it to Mother?

US_Business. Entrepreneurship: A Toy for Toddlers Doubles as Code Bootcamp - NYTimes 

Precisely one person went to see Shia's movie in the UK. This is not a joke it is just a fact. It grossed 7 British moneys.

My Latin America lecturer said "your essay made me laugh out loud (LOL!)" which I think is beautiful

I don't see how posting your naked body on IG talking about wanting relationship goals and shit gonna make anyone wanna wife your ass but OK

Is the APC a bumbling Eunuch or a retarded Infant?: The nation wouldn’t be this polarized, if the…  #FrankFair #APC

GET MAJOR EXPOSURE PLACEMENTS WITH E.I.U.M.T.Updated March 28   

'Temple of the Bells' rushes to clip wings of merit makers  

Philippine Modeling 101: How to Get into the Business  #modeling #philippinemodeling… 

‘the den’ #Chicago-style: Highlights and Resources from Our Latest ‘Digital #Education for Nonprofits’ Workshop 

More and more managers and supervisors are isolating themselves to get the things done – reports, updates,... 

Holy fuck! Why did I take a NyQuill.. it said non-drowsy but I'm fucking falling asleep at work..

This admin. has lost all credibility with Spicer's press conf. yesterday and t***p's rants today. Doubled down again.

"Exclusive: South Africa's Zuma considers stepping down early in deal to oust Gordhan" - 

#Motorsports ― Vettel leads Ferrari one-two in final practice  → via  

You might be gleefully anticipating a day off, only to be conf... More for Aquarius 

This idiot can't wait for War or launch a Nuke! US will act alone on North Korea if China fails to help, Trump says 

Game Over Drink Portable 6 OZ Stainless Steel Liquor Alcohol Hip Flagon Gift .  

Breathing makes these mad hoes mad. 

If anyone wants some fishing bait, there's probably a thousand worms in my driveway that you can have.

March 2017 Canada Markit manufacturing PMI 55.5 vs 54.7 prior  #forex, #forextrading

Best-selling author Dannelle Ranee's book is on top again!  You're gonna love it - just like everyone else!

my friend fucking smashed yogurt on me i'm going tocfucking smell like yogurt

Call PETA! Must be an animal cruelty violation here. This has to be more embarrassing for the dog than a "cone of… 

Washington is Burning: What to Do? Public Relations Helps!  #brand #networking

Plus size lady gets fucked doggystyle 

AH: RT FayazAhmed52: #JudiciaryNeedReforms Judiciary has really failed to address issues of public grievances,problems and matters of vital…

Fuck You!, I do What i want! #Spiderman.Mp3 

Totodile IV:88.9%(14/12/14) Move Set: Scratch/Water Pulse Available until 00:55:01 (57m 34s). 

#LetsGoSharks #GoSharks #SJSharks Quick Bite: Sharks fall to Oilers in potential playoff preview 

The minister has little power to act on the purse to avoid further downgrades for a year at least!It's junk n more junk n more junk!

we're getting charged a lot of fucking money   ‍ 

Fuck I never even thought about all of the Romo haters piling on Cam. Gettleman better not fuck this up 

State mutual consent registries dont extend across borders. Obcs dont always list the correct state of birth. Wrong registry=no info. #fail

I DROPPED MY FUCKING PHONE 

Get the fuck away from me I hate all of you, faithfully This world was never made for me

A Quarter of Syria’s Population Has Fled. What Does That Look Like?  

Frank Ocean is blessing us with even more new music with help from friends Jay-Z and Tyler, the Creator 

Exactly. This is every single time I meet people from other states and countries. Sometimes, the looks on people's… 

Advertising it gets it out there. Word of mouth that April fools thing slapping Kamen Rider on there to make people talk about it?

i look like the fucking skull emoji 

I am beyond DISGUSTED, LIVID. Don't fucking test me

I making mac n cheese and subbing the regular milk for Silk NutMilk! It is soooo good! #SilkCrowd #sponsored 

Labor response 2 Trump mtng w/ Building Trades shows y #unions r so weak.POTUS w/ a neo-nazi adviser invited 2 speak? Hitler promised jobs 2

my fucking uni's library service went through some fucked up changes and i lost all access to all of my sources for my essay!!!! N I C E

NowPlaying Insane (Original Club Mix) - Justin Prime #EDM #EDMfamily #Nowplaying  17:41

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

This was 2 years ago.... so glad I walked away without serious injuries.. god was with me that day ... 

“Rebel: Thief Who Stole the People” Takes Viewers Behind-The-Scenes Of Romantic Scenes 

Going to buy some timbs, Air Force 1s, other Nike shoes and idk. I feel the need to expand. OK goodnight for real now

Nympho Teens Fucked By BBC 

#ScreenRant Injustice 2: Gorilla Grodd Leads the Villain Parade in New Trailer 

Liberals angry that US stops Assad from gasing its people bc it's not the Potus u like, u never really cared abt Syrian ppl, right? #Assad

Reasons why I hate living in the dorms: The 18 yr old boys on my floor think it's cute to yell penis as loud as they can

If you weren't such an emotional snowflake, I *might* have agreed somewhere. Hope your day's as shitty as your rhe… 

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > jelmaan rindu.  

Y'all wank 5K likes   on social media while I want 5K in a duffle bag.....we will never be the same  ‍

Honeoye Falls, NY Weather: 04/05/17 04:47 AM: temperature 41f wind speed 1mph wind gust 5mph wind direction SW humidity 80% dewpoint 36f

Usually I am open to giving prople chances and I am patient as well but yoooo currently can't afford.

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

man I'll do the time Ima have to murk that nigga and whoever else was in that fucking house! 

im trying to buy this fucking camera and it's out of stock everywhere

Our parents generation fucked it up for us 

Given that my dad is a sound guy, watching someone test a mic by tapping it drives me insane. DONT TAP A MIC THAT ISNT GONNA TEST IT.

Wind 3 km/h SSW. Barometer 1009,9 hPa, Stazionaria. Temperature 17,3 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 76%

I Caught My Daughter Fucking My Boyfriend 

People are so much I can hold my emotions in because if I was normal, I'd be at home crying right now

i assure you the yellow fellas would only be able to see thru an external monitor 

You might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t... More for Scorpio 

I know these nasty as hell 

Faith does not mean trusting God to stop the storm, but trusting him to strengthen us as we walk through the storm #Tukuza

The system trades during news and also high volatility. There are many chances to make much money, so what are you waiting for?

$5.99/month for an obscure indie-shithole? I'm absolutely fucking furious at these cocksuckers... 

Need my fellow nerds to see Judas Contract so we can fucking discuss

Tell them bitches to get a stick, I'm done leading the blind!

I'll never forget how heartbroken I was when I thought we would lose the #Vikings. Love the Wilfs. 

[DABCC] Closer look at #Cohesity’s DataPlatform VE  via dabcc #NotJustABackup … 

So onto the flag thingy. From my seat I could see the people with the lgbtq flag perfectly and I'll even post a pic later if I have one.

#MustListen - Energetic #EDM Track By Power of Interest called Singularity -->  

The rest of this year is so busy for me and Bryan we can't take anymore major trips. It's so depressing.  

Update: President Higgins writes to Colombian president after overflowing river kills 154 people… 

Please RT! #beauty #cosmetics #makeup Olio E Osso, Vice lipsticks, Wildfox perfume, and more? | New... 

I can't wait for lent to be over so I can get fucked up :)

Thrills as Martin Luther King’s family, Oprah Benson, Toyin Kolade, Oba Elegushi, and others dazzle at Sisi Oge 10Th… 

I can't even explain how much I've cried today from having the chance to meet this beautiful… 

#WSBTV Reporting the Southbound section of i85 next to the collapsed Northbound section will… 

#ecommerce #marketing E-commerce investors sound alarm bells over impending slowdown  

Backdoor entrance is free sign up as well. Cum with me  #camgirls #livecam #boobs 

Great idea to create a life-long love for #books! #SupportReading, it will help #WritingSkills too! 

#6808 #followme #learn #MLM All Types Of Wedding Speeches.  

This is Cellarius. Stick it to one on the team to get tool. Internal fighting. Got a love it. 

Twitter users post the first pics and video of news events. Have they monetized this? No. Instead news orgs just become tireless vultures...

Wow. I'm chatting to this poes hot coloured boy and omg crush canceled, he's soo annoying. How are you kak hot and… 

Bi party whores are fucked in sex orgy 

Fucking my Wife in a Hotel Room 

CATH KIDSTON - BRAND NEW BUNDLE OF PENCILS -   

FACTS! I picture having kids and them having cute noses so the nose is always important 

This May Just Be The Break You've Been Looking For...  RT plz #job #jobsearch 

Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi and John Ternus on the State of Apple’s Pro Macs  

Children's Programme is being run by Donegal Hub in Letterkenny for any interested parents from 25th April.… 

And I literally go somewhere every day but Ohio is so fucking boring.

#TopNews Trump implies Susan Rice is a criminal, defends Bill O'Reilly  

How'd I forget Ciaran Hinds is playing fucking STEPPENWOLF in the Justice League movie?

She was known as the most dangerous chick in town. She stole the hearts and souls of men andand left them questioning their existence w/out her

Girlfriend Fucked In School Skirt! 

Clueless. The man is just clueless. International diplomacy? He can't even manage his own staff. Impeachment can't… 

How much of an Asset will Pitta be to this years offense considering the possibility of adding Boldin back to the roster #RavensMailBag

I've just unlocked That Vinyl Smell achievement in Paradise Island 2!  #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

Support in #Russia for Syria strikes slips, but 59 percent still in favor #Russia 

im exhausted all day but ofc when im trying to go to bed, my mind is thinking of a bajillion different things all at once  

just a reminder zelta and reef the cod 4 sls players tried mug me off over sls 

88% of hedge funds, 65% of mutual funds underperform market in 2012 _ zero hedge hedge ... - 

#wamvideo17 these images are especially harmful when magazines that are directed at teens use them so frequently

THE RETAILER MOBILE WALLETS REPORT: How stores can benefit from developing their own digital payments apps… 

"Great. Now I have to stay and literally die on the bench", Ruth Bader Ginsburg thought, closing the Mexican Retirement Community brochure.

It's plausible Trump incited violence, federal judge rules in OK'ing lawsuit: Protesters… 

#america #film Watch Havenhurst (2017) full movie here:  

In a game we lost by 1 fucking point, terrible calls like this are unacceptable. 

Decisions, decisions, decisions… drilling the FC Barcelona way  

fish '''sushi''' instead of fresh caught and then complain about people whose morals allow them to eat pork. "them" "us" animals ARE us

Test-Driven Infrastructure with Chef: Bring Behavior-Driven Development to Infrastruc  

Your nature is truth, and when you oppose it, you don�t feel like yourself. Stress never feels as natural as peace. Byron Katie

OHHHHHHHHGGHJJGDWS SHIT THE HARDY BOYZ BYKE!!!!!!!!??

google bitchin stupid ass dog whoppering for talkin turbo-child incomings

i'm a hypocrite i mean EVERYONE is, but i really don't judge ppl and have learned not to care what they do bc it's THEIR life not mine!

Capt Mark Duffy laid to rest as we await recovery of his crew-mates #R116. Ar dheis De go raibh a ainm… 

What do Software Engineers actually do? Great question! Let us show you how we can make your… 

Wake up, Get Out and Do Something      How do YOU Style your Monday for success??#mondaymotivation… 

Im not gone lie its something about getting hit with that " O" that just makes me mad den a hoe

JUST IN: Two ex-Barclays traders cleared of rigging Libor rate by court in London  

I'm Just Thinking About How Fucked Up im Finna Be This Weekend

Playing now " Je te demande pardon " by AlchiMy on #TRSV #Radio Station.. Tune in now ! 

When the day comes that you run out of content, you better start doing more personal development. Just saying..

UPDATE and VIDEO: City centre 'disturbance' branded 'absolutely shocking' as man suffers head injuries 

I hate when people get mad at little/stupid stuff. Shits annoying

26 people followed me and 7 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

It is not enough to have a good mind. The main thing is to use it well. - here ฿฿฿ Sell/฿uy  #Bitcoin

In that fire that the enemy has put you in, God will fight for you in Jesus name. #ThanksgivingService #RCCGfols

Love everyone, trust a few, do wrong to none  Sending positive vibes and wishing you a… 

I don't know, APRA has been pretty consistent about its message on bank capital for a while ..… 

Coone and Da Tweekaz - D.W.X (10 Years Dirty Workz Mix) ♪♫                  

Safer Travel Police appeal for information after a bus window was smashed on Coventry Road in Sheldon.… 

Get Happy: Four Well-Being Workouts  #Happiness #Colleges_and_Universities #Anxiety_and_Stress #edu

Octuber fucking octuber!!!! And I'm in Japan for those dates!!!!! 

#विडियो Our security forces are dealing with terrorism the way it should be dealt with: HM  

happy birthday to the hottest/funnest girl around! Enjoy your bday Haley B, miss seeing you every morning    … 

imagine having no so you could call me a stupid bitch

+ to be making an April fool's day joke but.if it is I'm gonna be mad af and if it's not then hELL YEAH MAN

When I get the fuck outta Hattiesburg, I'm changing my name, street address, and getting a nose job. Acting like idk any1 here or in Memphis

About that GOP health reform, it was no big deal for health-care stocks in the first quarter  #cnbc #topnews

That's the play that was drawn up...? If you're gonna slow it down a bit, go for the 3. Don't go slow and then take a bad 2...

'Rick and Morty' creator may or may not have tried to sell McDonald's Mulan Szechuan Dipping Sauce on eBay… 

Ana Nova gets fucked by a biker 

Waking up early means feeling as fresh as a daisy for an hour and then more tired than ever for the rest of the day

Have you seen 19-year-old Jordan Sheils who's been #missing from his home in #Halifax since yesterday?… 

Pick up fucking on the roadside 

To all u ninjas in the Denver area we have tickets on deck 10 bones a piece so let us know ??? #SeanElwood... 

GWB's Trump comments and his oil paintings have made me like him way more, he got a little Texas Swag! 

Welcome back seniors! Spring season will kick off for baseball, softball, tennis, track and golf on Wednesday!!

War on #America 's #MiddleClass Almost over; welcome to the era of food stamps 

1/2 Looking like DT wants to take out N Korea over the weekend while #Seoul's, managing partner of #Reunification, President is in jail.

Our Stunning Blond Cover Model Anya Benton for Spearmint Rhino at Formula Drift #formuladrift Long Beach 2017… 

That magazine is fucking cancelled. The hashtags are ridic af the heck #lrt

hanleys walk up song is kodak.... what a fucking legend

Wasting away! Scary skinny Lisa Rinna fuels more rumors she's popping pills! 

Your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today, bringi... More for Virgo 

This Porsche-based electric supercar has a 215-mile range and crazy acceleration 

In high school I bet you were boted " Most likely to keep being awesome". Jex De Castro HisMaJEXty OnItsShowtime

Alright for you idiots out there... let me explain it to you. Airstrikes were a show of strength. Wake up.

Fox Might Pull Some Networks Off-Air This Weekend Due To Contract Dispute  

Cross country 2017.Well done to everyone who took part throughout the season. SUPER STUFF. 

'There is a great, great deal of smoke': Senate Intel Committee holds first public hearing on Trump-Russia probe 

im important, my opinions are powerful, i can affect change and im thats exactly what im going to do

For the trolls making comments about me doing part time and temporary work: I am genuinely happy in my working life. I bet you aren't.

Ocular Signals 14/52a: Image N/1a  File under: A Year In The Country Ocular Explorations 

Tips for Designing a Website for the Future The computer has covered a long way since its inception in the 19th ce 

If you friendly or friends with yo nigga friends then u just a hoe to that nigga . . No nigga want a friendly bitch smilin n they nigga face

1/ About Susan Rice: The President's National Security Advisor has authority to request unmasking of American names… 

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

I had to slap my desk like a seal at Seyoung laughing, this is how hard I can't handle his laugh 

Kent in talks to sign Milne for Blast: New Zealand fast bowler Adam Milne is in discussions to play in this season's NatWest T20 Blast as…

A-League Review: Bonevacia stuns Melbourne Victory, Maclaren nets nine-minute hat-trick 

I keep getting fucked over! I'm done with everybody and everything

called phil and he goes "you sound tired, did you get out of bed?" "yeahhh" "wow.. you actually got out of bed. good job."  

As William Gladstone once didn't say; "OMG, where do I start?"#busy #tvproduction #media #omg :D 

Buy 1 pc Promotion birthday gift for friends oxygen generator Air Purifier Home air cleaner TRUMPXP-150… 

today's the day i beat tf out of my dads gf bc she got it fucked all the way up

Budget Woes Keep Frontline Agents Without Training, Gear as BP Brass Enjoys Caribbean Powwow  #feedly

Mom, it's applejuice. Madi. Applejuice doesn't fucking fizz. It's carbonated apple juice.

Racist posters targeting Chinese students stir controversy at the University of…  via… 

Why the Deafening Silence From Obama Since Obamagate Blew Wide Open? #BarackHusseinObama  

The war is against your nose! Because if you ever knew who you were and what you built you… 

BTS are basically in 2nd Mexico right now so I hope they enjoy California and they interact with my people

Aw this weather makes me so buzzing for holidayssssz 5 weeks til benidorm hurry up I needa be pissed in the sun asap !!

With his ill timed sliding tackles he is more of a liability at the moment.   

All screenwriters can learn from this inspirational filmmaker --> Read '15 Great Anthony Minghella Quotes:' 

Sorry B, I'm poor ah. On the other side that penguin looks awesome! Also Madam H is back! Lucky me I got her long a… 

The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it. - Terri Garey

This random girl came up to me last night and said she was coming home w me. My heart started beating so fast y'all I was SCARED and AFRAID.

U.S. will appeal injunction of Trump revised travel order  

'Someone's getting shot right now ... oh well': L.A. deputy ignores call in video to ex-girlfriend 

I've been drinking Pepsi for 37 years. I'm a Pepsi man through and through. fuck too disgusting coca cola [watches ad] Another Pepsi please

Hey  thanks for the follow. Don't forget to signup to my newsletter here:  #TheComfortKillers

Android inches ahead of Windows as most popular OS #Facebook #android #app go to 

Im mad he didn't hit that bitch ! 

5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Call to arms! All heroes are need in our next t #Go4Heroes cup! Visit  

Well seems like there's a lot of mentions that i need to reply, give me a moment please. 

Shocked girls watch blowjob from store owner 

5 Uses for Gmail Beyond Sending Boring Old Regular Emails  #gmail #productivity

This blog is Japanese.I have updated the blog three times a day.Please read it using the translating function.

WELLGO M195 Cycling Aluminum Cost-effective Bicycle Bearing Pedals 9/16'' Silver  

"Rock a ski mask the cameras are rolling/I am the hottest crook/Brad Pitt can't do what I do/I am counting tax free money/walk like Jesus"

Anybody else reminded of the end of Reconstruction? AG orders DOJ to review police reform agreements - WashPost 

The most annoying thing is when people change their name to 'Birthday Girl' or 'Birthday Boy', just so thirsty for attention  

This is my favourite platform for running YouTube competitions  

#PeacebuildinginCOL 2017 crucial to implementation. How to balance short-term actions to get progress and long-term structural change?

The Japanese Socialist Party leader Asanuma was murdered by an opponent student ('60).Please follow us on instagram… 

linux - systemd signals SIGKILL to a service without signaling SIGTERM before that - Stack Overflow 

Who can I shout out for backing Preacher Six tonight?! Grab a perk. You rule!! Please join us!   … 

When you watch #StarTrek NextGen on the side while editing your recording and 30min later you realize you haven't d… 

Healthy isn't a goal, its a way of living. Selamat hari Kesehatan Dunia Marketeers! #InternationalHealthDay… 

No autocorrect, I want breach. Not breech... a gap or break, not a butt... Although "Captain! we've got a breech!" is a whole new story ;)

also she did a bunch of research about tøp and what the song heathens means and I'm just.... dying all over again this is the funniest thing

I feel like the best way to convince everyone that you aren't a mindless Republican fraud is to argue against small… 

I am not "providing direction to your guy in London". Fuck him and fuck you too. Provide your own direction. This ship ain't international.  

When will you grow up muthafucka? — Excuse me??? I ain't ever growing up becuase it sou... 

Short Sales are a good tool to stop foreclosures. Share this with someone who needs to...  

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

Gotcha. Thanks. I know they let my petition set on their desk 3 days then told me cap was hit 7 days prior to that?  

Data Warehouse Developer - Wrexham - andpound;40,000 - andpound;50,000 Data Warehouse Developer - Wrexham - ...

Indian Idol 9 18th March 2017 episode written update: Mohit Chopra gets eliminated, Shilpa Shetty teaches contesta 

Can you think fast on your feet and come up with witty replies? I do it all the time. Unfortunately when said... 

NBA: Curry sparks Warriors, triple-king Westbrook sets record – Basketball  

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

At the end of the day it dnt matter if I'm selling weed, pussy, makeup hair or snacks I'm still getting money but what yo mad ass doing 

For Sale: SUVs Find Out More:  No Account Required. Large Traffic. #TruckForSale

Self delusion applies to a lot of AI startup. It's wrong headed to start with AI just because it cool. Will produce garbage.

Derrick you clearly wasn't ready felt like a fuckn bully oh fuckn well #PATS #PATRIOTS fuck u thought #PS4share... 

Saudi bombs are decimating Yemen. Yet May’s glad-handing goes on | Emily Thornberry 

#Vintage #Retro #80s Why The Freedom Caucus Shouldn't Worry About Primary Threats From President Trump - NPR 

 #manchester #restaurant #jobs Teenager suffers serious head injuries after quad bike…… 

Come by in 17 minutes and see my low tide, I'll be 30 inches shallower than average. That's quite low.

Trending in the United States: Steve Bannon and Barry Manilow. Trending in Utah: MAGA And Utahns aren't even talking about Bannon? What?

You've gotta be Fucking kidding me 

Tfw you realize the Leafs are playing and there are new episodes of The Americans AND Prison Break tonight 

Seeing both sides of an argument is not a new dilemma for most... More for Libra 

Asia #Business ~ CDL issues green bond, a first by a #Singapore company - The Straits Times  #Pacific

Y'all said Pusha T was gon 'Get Drake outta here' fucking screaming

Its true na. Small extra patience lai dis and he would've carried his trophy home. Afterall she did agree to go out… 

This is just so pure and real and I love it so much. I would rt this 1000 times if I could. This gives me so much h… 

You ever have a particular persons voice you can't stand .. and you wanna just smack tf out of them for saying anything

And #Gambhir still is not selected in Indian team !! Been performer in most IPL seasons. Hard to believe #GLvKKR #ipl

Distress, n.: A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend. ― Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"

Psychology says: You don’t really need someone to complete you. You only need someone to accept you completely.

Think a room with only black and white decor is boring? These ideas will change your mind!  

"Sakunosuke Oda." He holds out his hand for the other to shake. At least he's not a threat. 

Rational thought tells us to run away from the #nightmares but #healing and #self-discovery is there  #dreamtherapy

i hate to sound like a cheesy old white lady but this shit is breathtaking bro 

Date: 04-03-2017 01:40:02 Email API: Exceeded max queue limit(500). Now queue is 790992. Action required

Do You Want More Of Big Little Lies? So Does Reese Witherspoon  #beauty 

One Shining Moment was pretty meh this year, but I guess that's just because there weren't many upsets and buzzer beaters.

VIXX member Ravi presented a new song from his mixtape titled “Lucid Dream” featuring rapper Microdot… 

Ummmmmmmm KINGS OF ATLANTIS HAS A RAD MUSIC VIDEO AND A THEME SONG AND I'M LIKE a very lucky jackson today 

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

I don't think I'm ready for the final episode. But I'm expecting everybody to die. I can't see it in any other way.     #g_tekketsu

Never confuse Libya with Syria...you'll get blocked...MANKIND IS NOW FUCKING INSANE...same again barman !.

Full Video:  Frolic blonde with pigtails and shaved s...  Add me on snapchat: imsophie95   

Join the PAPYRUS team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Retail #Reno, NV #Hiring

#WallofSport News: Atletico Madrid's Antoine Griezmann growing tired of transfer speculation 

With all the need and suffering in the world, find it hard to ‘rejoice’ in the mega millions spent on temple building 

Watching Strong Woman Do Boog Soon during public speaking because I've decided that's a better use of my time

My boyfriend doesn't support my weight loss goal. This man just made the best brownies I have ever tasted! #HALP #fatkidprobs

Quit fucking spamming me with this crap it don't work 

Hey, O'Rilley! Please, please, please sue me too because I believe Wendy Walsh! And kiss that career goodbye! Karma can be a bitch!

                    Gang Gang "Hooligan" <- The Real 1, Cracka Nigga That Don't Believe In Rapest, ya 3g Wana Si, bitxh ya out ya F      

Here's why your cool friends were freaking out about Rick and Morty this weekend, but you're cool so you probably know 

3 tweeps followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. Thank you 

I. Just. That finale was perfect. PERFECT. I AM CRYING I GOT WANT SO MUCH OF WHAT I WANTED            #BlackSails

I hate stupid ass analogies. People try so hard to get a point across like it's n

Begone you fucking bastard 

Bad Bunny Ft Arcangel, Bryant Myers, Almighty, Noriel, Brytiago Y Baby Rasta and Gringo – Me Mata (Video Oficial) 

Boss walks in w/ Duke shirt on..I almost quit, but then I realized I need this job and we just won the title lol #WeGood

My car be so cute waiting for me when I get off, he be looking right at me like "come on mommy, let's go home" lol

Please educate yourselves on Christianity before you jump to conclusions and label all Christians. Come on now…Get it together.

Actually, the "_1s" work out I suppose. I can make a filter so you can hide them all by blocking "crate-drop" or "game" or something.

***DOWN ALTERNATIVE COMFORTER DEALS!*** GET FOUR in ANY SIZE (Twin, Full, Queen or King!) Regularly $100, now... 

Blackbear sweetie. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry a ugly ass hoe like this, would even say something like that. 

After my cousin today I will not be handing out anymore advice about relationships with the males in my life. They don't fucking listen.

Our taxi driver: "when you look for a guy to marry, look for a best friend. But first find who you are and be self sufficient"   

Designer Dana Lynch has designed many a fun space with bean bags! A great article for #interior fans!… 

I practically had an orgasm re-watching Daenarys and Drogos most badass moments. Bring on season 7 #GameofThrones Dracarys bitches!!!

Here,majority of the votes always favours the elites in the first place because they are the ones that picks candidates for us to vote

I think niggas just tryna help yo sexually frustrated ass out

And I forgot to link the #bulletjournal official website during my linking inserting. Off to do that now. #bloggersproblems #SleepyBloggers

Let me hear one person talk shit about Delirious, Coming to America, or even National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation and I'll flip my shit

WE FEEL YOU! Stay tuned for our grand opening announcement soon!    #wegotyouboo 

Chris can make ANY type of music. But NEVER forget he is an randb singer. And the best out there. Period.

Aquatica: Chansey  35.6% (4/11/1 - Zen Headbutt/Hyper Beam - s:big) til 19:08:00(27m 20s). 

I'm gassIER denna fk and he wants to be around me. Even after I told him my auntie was visiting. Love him for that but he's still irri. #love

Are You Mistakenly Trusting Consumers? -  - If you're ever "lucky" enough to be part of a… 

Those who are trying to push you up sometimes needs more HELP than you do! return the favor, be nice!  

Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel #trending now at  #lovedbyn…

Best selling Humour and Entertainment Books #10: I Heart My Little A-Holes: A bunch of holy-crap…  #bestsellers #laughs

My plan for Opening Day tomorrow. Flight lands at 9am, leaves at 8pm. All in a day's work. #LGM 

Obama Spied, Media Lied This is the real story behind #Russia talking points!  #AMJOY #amjoyshow

It's damn sad la whenever a person show me a picture of someone who they think looks the same as me... Hahaha damn, we all ugly bro

Cummings: yknow if I get close, squint a little, tilt my head, turn around, close the other eye, then walk away, yo… 

Chicken Pot Pie – it’s the inside that counts. #FeedYourInnerBear 

Horny slut brutally slapped and face fucked mercilessly 

Direct recruitment in government jobs declined by 89 per cent: Jitendra Singh  

If I can't trust the cops 2 keep me safe from my abusive ex I most certainly don't trust them when it comes 2 my ca… 

And there's an old man sitting on the thrown that's saying that I should probably keep my pretty mouth shut.

[HIRING] Senior Javascript / TypeScript Engineer - DroneDeploy via  #remote #remotejs

#FireKushner "We need President Bannon! He understands our HATE! Uh, wait I meant Heart. " -Alt-Right Boy… 

#tbpshopp_update uhpeach has safely arrived at my uni office. But I'm hving my mid sem break now. Won't be able to send out the goods. Will-

The Catholic Church uses State schools, to teach that the creator of the universe wants to discriminate against wom… 

Wood pigeon is rubbernecking at me from the tree outside. Can't help you bud - don't know what I am either.

no matter how hard u try to be a nice person some ppl will always just get on your efffinggggg nervesss

Today was EXCLUSIVELY about them. They are never satisfied. Their fortune and power is never enough. And #AllofUS have a choices to make.

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

a la entrenadora del gym q Lord knows why me tiene rabia y keeps nagging me: FIGHT ME 

Trusting them. Trusting that where product designers are coming from is a place of genuine care for the users.

84 DBT schemes have 33.52 crore beneficiaries, says government  #BJPSthapanaDiwas via NMApp 

BONDI BONES: 'Human remains' found on Sydney’s #BondiBeach sparks Police Investigation. #TenNews 

if you like to do the things you know that we shouldn't do, baby, i'm perfect. baby, i'm perfect for you.

12 Helpful Tips for Effectively Using Social Media at Events  

Nas the one asking you all these stupid ass questio... —      that's my dawg Lil bitch ! 

Can't forget about "Jerked" the hardest word to explain to anybody outside of Nashville   ‍  ‍ 

like don't ask me "wyd" every 10 minutes... i'm still doing the same thing when you asked me 10 minutes ago

Club Marine Victorian Junior and Youth Champs kick off tomorrow at the Royal Brighton Yacht Club! Stay tuned to... 

The 3 Kinds of Girlfriends that Will Make Your Life Miserable(HELL) [MUST READ FOR ALL] 

what women say about fucking machines 

Jesus fucking Christ that girls voice is so god damn annoying 

We're #hiring! Click to apply: CNC Machine Operator I in Ave Maria, FL at Arthrex -  #medicaldevice #Manufacturing

im not even watching my tv but i looked over and saw that The Notebook was on and I changed the fucking channel. Never seen it, never will.

Burgess and Lindsay going undercover   Even if she lost control a little bit with that guy buys she was a complete badass   #ChicagoPD

i have fucking descended into the depths of bloody hell

I want my nails done but I know they'll get fucked up at work.

The Good Fight - Episode 1.10 - Chaos (Season Finale) - Synopsis  

Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake #sevdiklerimiçin #EnginAkyürek #Dağhan #ÖleneKadar Dağhan SelDağ

Thanks to drunk yasmin last night for tidying up the whole house .... made hungover Yasmin's morning very easy    

Charlie Lee: Wow! Twitter just did a softfork today and increased the char limit by not counting reply to names against the limit. It's jus…

"So why did you break up with your ex and when will you be ready for something serious" #casualFriday

04-01 BIELEFELD, GERMANY - APRIL 04: Supporters of Cottbus cheer...  

As demand rises, the reputation of new-build homes is crumbling  

fist fucking the ass and she loves to masturbate 

Se joga em Don't Be Afraid de Sarah Vaughan na #deezer  

I just participated in an #AmazonGiveaway for Tiergrade High Speed Car Charger, 3 p.... Check it out here: 

Russ elevated Adams game? lmfao where!!? 5 shots and 7 boards         and can't guard a fucking barstool

hOW ABOUT WE PICK A TERM AND JUST FUCKING STICK TO IT?!? EH???

Trump now campaigning against GOPers who were against his healthcare plan. ↓ 

Your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day, and you may... More for Sagittarius 

nobody gave me shit, I worked for everything that I already have and still working towards the things I want.

3M Views For #HamsaNaavalona...4 weeks to go for #Baahubali2 #WKKB #TheConclusion 

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

Lanturn available until 11:17:06am (22m 36s). Water Gun / Thunderbolt (37.8% - 5/7/5) 

#F4F #RT #news #People In Dallas Freaked Out When A Hacker Set Off Every Single Emergency Siren - BuzzFeed News 

New #weather news post: "Cyclone Debbie flood threat continues in south-east Queensland with swollen rivers and cr… 

Why it is important to understand #MassPsychology? It could mean difference between winning or losing 

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 212 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2 

I've had this song from twilight stuck in head for 3 weeks. I get this is what I get for watching all the movies in one night..

MARVEL UNIVERSE IRON MAN PUNISHER AVENGERS FRANK CASTLE TONY STARK LEGENDS  

*heard* - grade, got home seeing my aunt watch something -- it was exo showtime. and ofc, curiosity killed the cat. i watched ep1 tgt w her.

#VAFB unloads Delta IV rocket from cargo ship  #KSBYNews #Vandenberg #Lompoc 

One of my (blind) clients is reading everybody a story! What's a disability?????? 

US Marines conduct joint exercise on South Korea beach -  

one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

y'all i fucking hate this courtney bitch always lying she's irritating asf

i can't get a fucking break i jus finished exams and the practicals are beginning tomorrow.. 

#Super6 is Back Predict 6 scores £250,000 to be won it's Free >>>  #soccersaturday 

Fuck who you've been in the past, fuck who's harmed you, fuck who you've met and now you do not know anymore, why... 

#Security #Exploit Alert: BlueCoat ASG and CAS OS Command Injection Vulnerability 

"sometimes sad music makes my sucky life a little more bearable" "and then it sets in and you're life still sucks"

You're tired of being the responsible one, especially if you m... More for Scorpio 

Marching on a Friday so they can laugh and be racist about it over a braai Saturday 

Patrik Berglund matches career high in goals - Patrik Berglund (C) St Louis Blues 

They don't realize people want simplicity even if it comes with a nice tag simplicity works all this "broke roachin… 

It’s #WorldHealthDay! How will you get closer to achieving your wellness goals today? 

For since the beginning of the world men have not heard, nor perceived by the ear, neither hath the eye see… 

Yes thank you! Any idiot can 'order' missles to be fired   

THEY MADE A BOTTLE FLIP GAME APP?!? This is preposterous. ...... but imma download it and see if it's fun anyways.

THUNDER BAY and WINKLER - NEW "CONCERNED PERSONS" SUPPORT GROUPS STARTING! This group is meant for people who have... 

Poor cricket from Chandimal results in his run out. SL 142/3 in 28 overs. Mendis, Siriwardena in the middle. #SLvB… 

The Mark of the King by Jocelyn Green FTC: I received a free copy of this #book from #Litfuse in exchange f 

Nasty arab slut getting her horny shaved 

We are looking for a buyer on 2300 E Philip Avenue #10C #NorthPlatte #NE #realestate  

It's on fucking sight when I find out who tf dented my car... 

Now that would be a perfect way for me to travel - love road trips! :) #TravelSkills 

Have been WAAAYYYY behind with writing and haven't been consistent with anything except showing up to the day job. Bills to pay and such...

Your to-do list is extensive today as you optimistically attem... More for Scorpio 

Any Nation's leadership that keeps/uses humans as slaves should never be allowed on American soil much less a visit to OUR White House.

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

Here’s the best way to guess correctly on a multiple choice test  Interesante

When i ever become a mom , i promise im gonna show her/him all the attention they need so her/him NEVER miss me   

#NowPlaying #onair #90s Actuellement sur  : Live - Run to the Water Smells Like 90's Spirit

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

Join Dr. Nida Chenagtsang + Robert AF Thurman June 14th-18th for the Tibetan Secrets of Longevity Retreat at Menla!… 

So does everyone else you fucking idiots! You literally could not exist as a corporation if you paid women less. 

#Football News Eiland a Different Dog for Spring - It’s assumed. Freshmen linemen will redshirt. Everyone under... 

Scarification Is The New Body Art Technique Taking Things To A Whole New Level 

I just completed the #OneCroreOnePlus hunt for the OnePlus 3T and moved one step closer to winning Rs 1 crore. 

myanmar lady fucking #amricangirlssex 

#Israel has always been venturesome on the #medical research front - its imperialism aside! 

WE DID IT AGAIN! We sold your neighbor’s home at 226 N Shirley Ave! Curious about your home’s value? 

NigeriaNewsdesk: 3 Years After Chibok Abduction: Boko Haram Kidnaps 22 Girls, Women In Borno … 

Make Your Microwave The Best Tool In The Kitchen With These Cheesy “Baked” Potato 

Sick of fucking terrorists! Now Sweden what the fuck  

Sustainable dev. goal 3 is Good Health. 2017 Health Rankings reveal affects of community on health.… 

On the one hand, I thought that Kendall Jenner ad was stupid. On the other hand, I think those folks who were so offended were off-base.

I used to drink Pepsi because I hated the taste of Coke, so now I guess I'm just not drinking Cola ever again

When is the last time you thanked God for the simple things and all you are able to do? #ALDUBxDTBYMovingOn

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

I  my job, being a CFO, I consulting on the side helping small business owners. But some days people work my nerves with the stupidity.

I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: Stockholm lorry rams crowds, killing at least three people - 

HUNTERS Nightclub Palm Springs DJ Dirty Kurds kickin ass on the dance floor Friday march… 

#MotivationalMondays.New week with new goals with greater motivation to learn ,achieve and inspire #HustlerLife

Heinz Duthel : Discover Thai Housegarden flowers and Flora p … 9783839109137 

May your little one always have "happily ever afters" in their lives! #memorypreservationspecialists,... 

Ester! I met you 8 years ago! Wow. This picture is of Ester, Lisa Nova, and Jill Hanner at Ester's Butterflies... 

Thanks for sharing - hopefully at just £2 to download them there will be plenty of scrapbooks being created at home! 

♢• Sad Kitty Cat Hand Painted Figurine 3" Tall Tan Pottery?Ceramic Be Inspired!  

if i stopped at a shady ass motel in the middle of the night and the owner told me he does taxidermy i'd get the fuck outta there #batesmotel

Train service between Newark and Manhattan continued to be diverted in and out of Hoboken for the rest of Monday... 

"HATER (Italian And English STORY) H.S. #Wattys2017" su #Wattpad  

#QandA with Zebra Technologies on their TC5 Series #Technology #Security #News 

Russian authorities say at least 10 dead in Saint Petersburg metro blast 

Im sitting in the hardest walmart video if all time right now..... waiting for the perfect moment to release it

" I got my toes In the water , ass in the sand not a worry in the world a cold bear in my hand"

Ingenious new service thwarts ISP snooping by allowing any site to join the Tor network 

This is your chance to bring something home with you. All you have to do is participate in this simple challenge   … 

Any #NCAT21 GC got any space for my crazy ass    ‍

Cannabis Lounge Planned for Chatham –   

Fucking a breasty bitch during the time that this babe plays with her toy 

BMX issues Areal Flood Advisory for Calhoun, Shelby, St. Clair, Talladega [AL] till Apr 5, 11:45 AM CDT 

Settled into WingHouse and already warned our server that we're gonna be here A WHILE. #Wrestlemania33

Dear numerous teachers accusing me of me skipping... What do I have to gain for missing a week, in which I was bedridden; sick as all hell?

Roommates Rmk1547Scs Harry Potter Peel And Stick Wall Decals #magic #shop  

From my first meeting with u, I saw ur humility, ur drive, ur desires, ur focus,ur joy to make a… 

'We can't wait for Hollywood to change' - the directors reframing black history #Film 

The characters on 13rw make me so fucking mad I hate them all except like 3

Know your Legal Documents. Download them for free  #LVOpenSource #LegalMonday 

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

This is always my "Best part of the song" #fixyou #coldplaybangkok #aboutlastnight… 

Libs Welcome In Muslim Refugee, Horrified By Where His Fingerprints Appear  #TeamTrump 

Turkish autopsies confirm chemical weapons used in Syria attack that killed scores 

It was to join bandwagon- stupid. Zardari was clever. He unleashed PTI on Nawaz and kept his relation with him. 

#WhatSanctuaryMeansToMe Trump's presidency, which meant I didn't have to see fat, corrupt stupid nazi Hillary every… 

Want to buy one of the Macross kits because the figures are so fucking expensive

#FREE #EBOOK [Kindle] X thinks she is going to die. Shacked up in a farmhouse cellar, she starts a diary to docume… 

"This Girl Won A Beauty Contest And Received A Free Plastic Surgery. The Results Are AMAZING! 

I always get really happy thinking my boobs are growing until I realize it's Mother Nature reminding me I'm on my way bihhh

Honoring Army Major Mark E. Rosenberg, 32, from Miami Lakes, Florida; assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 29th Field... 

Opinion | Why is Trump flailing? Because Americans hate his agenda, and it's based on lies. 

The amount of fucking disrespect my boyfriend has when he fucking talks to me is so fucking unreal

The ASHS Robotics Team is helping to kick-off St. Jane Frances School’s STEM week. Inspiring the next generation of… 

After historic week, Brexit dawns a shade warmer - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The week Britain filed for divorce from... 

The left believe that if it's not happening in their own back yard, it's not real. 

Race car backwards is ChickenSaladSabdwhich. Damn Life's crazy.

So I'm cutting ya cake like it's my birthday, you dropping vanillaaaaa   told you Ima pussy killaaaa  

She's a fucking goal. There I said it.   

Cover of "How to Suppress Women's Writing" by Joanna Russ. True for all art media, not just writing. #feminist 

And jimi hendrix and jeff beck=the elite 2 as i call them.... Duane Allaman,dickey Betts, jerry garcia,carlos Santana,vah cockta johnson????

I'm finally at the point where I'm over freaking out over if I have cancer or a disease and I just wanna know what's wrong with me

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

"I hate this town" the go to line of every girl that has fucked everyone in her town.

When you contemplate a possible scene and spontaneously wind up with 800 words. #writerslife #amwriting 

Only in a game between these two would you find 12 shots on target and 0-0 at HT. Another Super Sunday epic. #SWAMID #EPL

Crazy dorm room pimp and hoe party 

I have to get my big ass Pit Bull mix to the vet today for a rabies clinic and he is terrified of everything. This is gonna be a challenge  

To anybody who think cupcakke cant rap, listen to quick thought. my bitch fucking snapped like wow she so fucking raw g

This ugly ass dude Chance.... You still my nigga though    

USB to Micro USB Charging Cable Sync Cord for Samsung Galaxy S3 S III i9300  

Here's Mitch McConnell admitting he only blocked Merrick Garland because it was Obama 

#giveitaGO Do: Hanging leg raise Improve: An exercise that builds abdominal muscles that are not just for... 

World's two biggest polluters 'wont discuss planet's most pressing issue' at Trump-Xi...  

Rather bizarre that anyone would think that he would attend an RT banquet with Putin in Moscow unpaid. 

You prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg... More for Libra 

[Fansided: Around The Foghorn] Day One Overreactions From San Francisco Giants Fans  #SFGiants

#LNG market will get even more competitive and price points will likely go lower given robust global gas supplies. #Gastech #natgas

A NASA study found that while a 15-minute nap might not make you feel physically better, it still boosts cognitive performance.

Donald Trump says 'something should happen' in retaliation for Assad regime's chemical weapons strike 

Watch it:  Babe fucking sex toy...  Add me on snapchat: mycuteass18   

Can this govt stoop any lower? Next they'll be messing with widow's payments....oh wait a minute....     

Getting ready for Pride's Got Talent Heat 5 at the fabulous KU BAR - hosted by the AMAZING Michael Twaits - we... 

They should take naps, drink water and pray they live to see 30 with their musty selves! 

Even though here is a far distance away from the East our hearts are in the one and same roundness (Verse No. 77)

Pentagon responds to criticism over civilian deaths in Mosul blast  #iraq #news

Great to see so many of our clients racing in today's #ManchesterMarathon - excellent well done all! #didsbury… 

Although you might already have big plans for the weekend, mor... More for Capricorn 

I'll give you my fucking house, my fish, my gift card with $5 on it if you a virgin, no history, no ex's in ya life, and is not a hoe.

Madison Bumgarner looks different. Even for him. Its hard to imagine he's really getting better. #SFGiants

hollywood please stop making movies based on anime/mangas you're just ruining the series for the fans

if I start 13 reasons why then I'm only going to end up wanting to kill myself even more so idk what to do bc i reallyyyy want to watch it

Q8 Thriller: Common plot and no character details. I suspect there's more to it, but I can't tell from the query.   #10queries #RevPit

 Diane von Furstenberg SZ 10 DVF Midnight New Jeanne Two Matte Jersey Wrap Dress

I just gave the scale to my hubby and told him to take it to the garage and hide it from me. I'm fucking done. The scale can kiss my ass.

To increase your car's longevity, one important thing you can do is change the engine oil #CarCare #AutoCare 

#AntiRomio bcomes a bain fr UP, no investigation #Defamation #uppolice #shame 

Mothafuckas is out here sick as fuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkk in the head lmmfaooooo

7 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Your clear vision of success motivates you to reach higher to ... More for Capricorn 

The best players going to Olympics is an investment in the game of Hockey. That's good for everyone including the NHL. #NHL #ForTheFans

I don't condone hitting girls but she wanted to fight like a man so take a hit like a man innit. 

Dale didn't get to qualify   On the flip side, Kyle Busch didn't get to qualify    #NASCAR #SilverLining

Discipline - It’s not the will to win that matters - everyone has that. It’s the will to prepare to win that matters. - Paul “Bear” Bryant

Understanding My Type of Lung Cancer: Can a Clinical Trial Help?  

Story of my life!   til next time man of my dreams... greet me wth coffee and you'll be guaranteed a smile!     

Too Mad to Trust: A Childrens Book With A Difference  Too Mad to Trust: A Childr #article 9 

We just need some privacy that's her calling gotta be tell your girl do not disturb you gone get what you deserve  

Although now y'all can agree with what I've been preaching: cheese-itz > cheese nips, coke > pepsi

My Nam Taehyun ultimated heart was ripped, drenched in gasoline and set on fire 

Surprisingly packed field as parish candidates revealed  

I'm not sure how everyone can be so optimistic. We've been clueless. We ground these out last season that's why we were in top 4.

I didnt go to college... get in debt... just to work a minimum wage job........ AND I WON'T...That's why I'm not working...

What are the best days of the week to video interview people? Why should it even matter?  #videointerviewsoftware

I still wonder why the hell Beck didn't sleep at Jade's house when that fucking cricked was in his RV 

Poison drips From your tongue, Weaving evil In your words And no one notices - But me... #madVerse #DarkLines #IntrigueVerse #amwriting

Well done Tina Fey. Fine if these voters have chosen to self-afflict this vile, detestable, ignorant man. But the d… 

Death Cartoon: Hung Out to Dry   

It's as if people can see the damage written all over me, can see it in my face, the way I hold myself, the way I move.

Hyderabad becomes first city to have 1 GBPS internet speed - Times of India  #wnn7… 

One of those kids asked me how I survive in college, to which I replied "a lot of alcohol, drugs, and crying". They… 

I have so much anger in my little person it is fucking insane.

out of all the concerts i could go to fucking PIT BULL NAKSCJJCJ 

Artist's resale rights must be paid by sellers, French court rules  | #art 

Good night! Life always offers you a second chance, it's called tomorrow! #fashion #style 

"A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he gets to know something." Wilson Mizner 

Thelnteresting: RT Itswiselearning: Worrying is a waste of time. It doesn't change anything. It messes with your mind and steals your happi…

Summer Nights by John Travolta - Olivia Newton-John   

One of the best species to catch and a photo one at that! POD(Picture Of the Day) features an upload from our ReelH… 

baby is so happy with his axe!!!!! look at my lil lumberjack outdoorsy redneck man   

Egil: this juice is mad banging yo Vanea: it's ether you asshole

Brother Of Kim Kardashian Look-A-Like Social Media Star Confesses To Killing Her For Being Disrespectful 

The latest #KnightFrank Australian Residential Review shows good capital growth and rent yields for #Adelaide. 

Mankind is so damn stupid. 

your not gonna change a nigga.he is who he is either you accept it or you dont. you cant turn silver into gold.  ‍ 

I JUST BURNED FUCKING HOLES IN MY SWEATSHIRT F U C K

Zuma should carry on and push his plans his fucked anyways

So fucken stupid <EMOJI>️ “US forces launch missile strike on Syrian military targets” 

This shit was horrible my God 

Wide Angle Lens HD 1080p Car Security Camera Motion Activated Recorder #IDrive #QualityLine 

CROCK POT HONEY GARLIC CHICKEN! <3 

UM SO IS NO ONE GONNA ANNOUCE TO ME THAT JACKSON WAS FUCKING MOANING WHEN THEY WERE SLAPPING HIS ASS

Carson or Strombo would probably both agree with what I said if we had a conversation about the business. I remember headbangers ball.

We will be in the The Wedgewood Rooms this weekend making burritos for Southsea Beerex 

sometimes i can be a fucking airhead, so tie me to your fingertip so i don't float away

Everyone loves a top with a fat ass.  Catch a glimpse of Sagebak working out Yellow Strokes'… 

I love how fanbases and fellow PH ARMY coordinate to report the current situation on variuos ticketing sites. Taob ang GMA at ABS.  

So... was Putin your president when Obama told the ambassador to Russia...tell Putin he'll have more leverage after… 

Ready for some storytime? Check out my article on rebellion in the Seven Worlds series. 

LMFAOOO HE SAID I NEED A BITCH THAT STILL SUCK THIS DICK WHEN SHE MAD FUCK YOU MAD SHUTUP        

Allegiace vs Pedro Juan Jose. Winner clinches Top 8 at #GearsAC Let's Go Boys!  <EMOJI>️ #PledgeAllegiance 

If attorney general who publicly denounced the inconstitutional move,doesn't remove the culprits afterwards, it will mean she is a complicit

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

to whoever took my order at sonic - you fucking SUCK at your job

Thousands Sign Zebpay’s Petition to Announce Bitcoin as Legal in India #btc 

Trying to catch a fucking dog 

I wish we could stop looking at Zuma as our problem. He is not, he is just the agent. Our problem is the ANC! I cannot wait for 2019!

I'm so sick of niggas in suits and ties, making stupid ass decisions that affect the lives of millions.

omg remember when leah in simon dresses up as an anime character for halloween i just imagined KATHERINE IN THAT AND I'M SWEATING

Who cares if it's ISIS, Assad, Trump/ Hillary Clinton. US-Russia rivalry, a msg to Iran/gift to Saudi. Civilians are the only victims.#Syria

Cunt finger fucked lesbo giving oral sex in return 

Deus charged and new battery in pinpointer ready for tomorrows rally. Still waiting for that elusive first hammie of the year. #xpdeus #xp

I can't stand a snaky fuck nigga and a stupid lying ass hoe

Hon'ble Lok Sabha Speaker Madam appreciated AAI Indore for exemplary services #South_Asian_Speakers_summit… 

I just checked in at Beis Medrash Heichal Dovid with #mPLUSPlaces Download today! 

Ancient civilisation 'older than the PYRAMIDS' uncovered after being lost for 14,000 years  

She is promoting Ivanka's stuff and and ethics violator....why would anyone believe her? 

Adrian Durham: 'Why I will no longer use the word Dons when referring to Milton Keynes on talkSPORT'… 

She has NEVER been moderate. Just BS she spouts year after year and for some reason people believe her. She's republican to the core.

#NBA Wire: Ricky Rubio dished out nine assists in the first quarter Monday (VIDEO)  

These past days, I'm finding it really hard to put my thoughts and feeling into words. MAYMAY MegMagazineSoon

Putin says #US strikes on #Syria illegal, harm US-#Russia ties  

Wizz Air Commences Flights to Five Western Balkan Countries from Budapest  #lowcost #wizzair

Tara game! May slut pa! Este slot 

THAT scene in the last episode of 13rw was so real and honestly hard to watch, such a powerful and traumatising moment  

“If you want to have help from music, don’t play happy songs when you’re sad, but play the sad songs.” -Grandpa (

thought I'd cheer myself up with a new training bike after mine got stolen yesterday. Big thanks to neal at forza …… 

The Orange Turd is playing at war. How cute. If we send ground troops I would like to see Trumps in front line 

Slut Loves Sucking And Fucking Boyfriend On Cam 

Please RT #beauty #makeup ##skincare Estee Lauder Resilience Lift Firming/Sculpting Face and Neck Creme 

nasty ass children need to stfu and stop telling y'all all ugly and crusty

Kinda miss sitting on a plane being able to nap whenever and eat all the food and watch all the moves

Pet Dog/Cat Clicker Training Obedience Agility Trainer Aid Wrist Strap Train AZ  

TechCrunch: Picture yourself as a space tourist in these Blue Origin capsule interior shots  …

"Our jobs are our precious gifts from god. So we've got to do our best. I'm sure that someday you'll find your job, too." - Sister Athena

#Windians #RallyTogether #RollTribe Nothing can stop the Cody Allen hot takes 

Wind 9.4 mph N. Barometer 1033.2 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 14.8 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 54%

56 years ago, these cities didn’t exist. Now, some of them are among the most recognizable cities in the world... 

4movielove : Addicted To #Pokemongo #gaming Choose Your Reason - Hunting For #pokemon .......… 

#kaabil #Adhm #Shivaay New US Sanctions Bill Delayed by Concern Over Iran Election  

I can't wait until the new person takes over my account, this account. I'll moved on my other account. I have like 10+ lol

#progressive flo nude noud fucking muslim aunties in pakistan 

Your VALUES will ULTIMATELY determine your VALUE. Thank you 4 following the #ValueInput. Say hi if U need full Infographic on this

Are you a family member/caregiver for people with #disability? Is there a place you share/connect with others? 

how r u goin to call me bad if you have over 500 games with 40% win rate in basically gold elo  hello hello

I want to finish this fucking virgin hero Karamatsu in two days or I'll be dreaming about him for two weeks

These Little Girls Gave Adult Women Makeovers And We All Need To Listen To The Kids More The more lipstick, the b… 

Are you fucking kidding me? Make up your minds people FFS 

may be RT AfreenKhanPrinc: #ThankYouWaqarZaka Kindness is a gift and u r using it for humanity. Just Awesome Zaka… 

Speedin' down the backstreet I'm tryna get you in my backseat Girl I want you to ride with me Baby ride on me

"US forces showed an impressive ability to learn at speed"  #WW1 

adam sandler fucking waisted 

I'm ready to protest Gorsuch and every single Senator who hypocritically supports his nomination. What say you, #TheResistance?

 Your Daily reminder #showusyourtaxes  #ReleaseYourTaxes 45 Conflicts of Interest are a National Security threat  

Ok so we told the Russians about this earlier Bcause there R Russians on the base  so we don't hurt them. Do we think they didn't tell?    

Gather up as much speed as you can, find a path and let go. You can't get to the next... - Seth Godin  — Startup S…

got me all the way fucked up if you ever think I NEED someone

So I guess gotti is going to put all his music on tidal since he's rocking with jay now   he got some music missing from Apple Music

So we're to believe Corbin wanted a Mania rematch, but not for the title? That just makes him seem incredibly dumb. Bad booking. #SDLive

 This is fucking retarded 

Teams. Leadership. Confidence. Discipline. What did your teen do today? 2017 NoCo Explorer Competition. #LASD… 

Busty Tiziana Redford and her Girlfriend get fucked 

#politics Trump Donated His Paycheck to the Government in a Meaningless PR Stunt  

Even being a tailor is expensive. Heck! I'd just be a Senator #AjekunIyaLeJe   

my heart is literally broken and i can't do anything about it i'm so miserable and literally can not stop crying #whyme 

Lots or videos of sleeping girls getting violated and fucked 

"Couture, Thornton out indefinitely as Sharks gear up for playoffs"  #hockey #feedly

I just cleared 414 MB using Disk Doctor for Mac. Check it out here:  #diskdoctor #fiplab

SARSHA'S FLASHBACK AND FAST FORWARD FRIDAY PHOTO. Cuddly at two months and even more adorable at seven months!... 

It's hard to sit still and do nothing today, making it extreme... More for Gemini 

[16] This kitchen invention takes away the worst thing about peeling fruit #realtime  

i don't give a fuck about your opinions or feelings. i'm not going to keep explaining myself to people i have never met!

Benedict Cumberbatch is a damn stupid name. I hope history doesn't remember him fondly. I hope his legacy becomes trash.

Two stories of fucking and sucking 

some of y'all make me so angry like how can u think it's funny to be a straight up cunt,,, u have people telling u everyday to spread love

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

High praise from my brother: you can't jump very high, but you sure can write. #brotherlylove #thanksK

Ayo also all my friends listen to country aka fucking pussies

I can tell it's Friday by the way I'm struggling to get my revising done. Actually, that's a lie. That happens any given day.

Man that woman has lost it! She's doesn't know if her arse is punched, bored or drilled!!! 

They been doing that for years now. Cheerleading fucked my joints up

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

i'm just sorry that you got those shitty cc anons. ... — oh but i do!! shitty anons for a shitty person :)) 

California Just Passed a Law That Should Terrify... - The Political Insider |...  

OH LAWD! Who has nerve pills I can buy?! This game is too much. Never mind that's illegal. Should delete this tweet. Whatevs #GoCocks #NoDMs

I always say, you never know whom you're talking to. You shine in your position, regardless of the amount of... 

Found a Transponder Snail! Davyback Fight!! Straw Hats vs. Foxy Pirates!  #TreCru 

If you don't change your people policies this April, you could be risking breaking the law!  

Should just fucking shoot myself and solve everyones problems

A Coward and a Champion feel the same fear but the difference is what they do in the midst of the fear.… 

Still can't believe I was this close to Justin   26.10.2016 Purpose world tour Sheffield 

If you text or message me "whats up" theres a 100% chance I'm going to ignore you, at least try to say something interesting  

◔ Sesame Street Elmo Live Interactive Fisher Price Cute Singing Elmo DAN...  … 

Striving to earn your keep makes you feel good about yourself ... More for Aries 

Nasty schoolgirl Avril Hall gets fucked 

Light to moderate rains affecting Leyte and nearby areas which may continue for 30 minutes to an hour. |… 

Johns working and my mom can't find a baby sitter for Scarlett and my drs office doesn't allow children   

Jay Richards And His Boy Friend Make Asshole Fucking 

Is a profile for youc We want to see.a picture that actually looks like you! A clear, recent headshot works nicely.

Fucking her piss kanal and stretching her monster cunt 

They playing stop trying to turn nothing into something because when yo nigga call u them names he mean it 

My ten year high school reunion is this summer and not a single person I know is attending... 

Photos: President Buhari launches the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan  

This is currently my favorite thing on YouTube. If you give it a listen, let me know what you think!   

Oregonians Applaud as Frank and Jeanne Moore Wild Steelhead Bill Advances  (Industry) #politics #nascar

That's why ion drink rn cause on my birthday um getting soooooooooo fucked up um not gone drink again for the rest… 

You can trust the messenger yet still distrust the message. #Syria #Airstrikes #Trump #FridayFeeling

19.5" ANTARES French close contact jumping saddle 5AA x-long/forward flaps!2007  

Man Suffers For 12 Hours After Getting His Penis Stuck In A Ring 

#Wrestlemania lol see how she reacted when she saw that rock on her finger, she couldn't even locate his lips with her's

You can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo... More for Virgo 

Fucking My GF in Dressing Room! 

Couple is fucking on the beach 

#pmfviii was incredible- I bought and traded alll the #risograph things ! How do you guys organize your zines? My col… 

Nothing will deter you from fulfilling your ambitions once you... More for Sagittarius 

Quality of government marijuana used for studies may be skewing results  

She's finishing a vodka lemonade (I think). He's nursing a pint. She keeps adjusting her posture and he's not moving.

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

OMG! Tim McGraw is literally getting down to everybodyyyyyyy! Rock yo bodaaaay!      #YES #BESTTHINGEVER #ACMs

I pulled something crunchy out of my dog's mouth with my bare hands and upon further inspection, I discovered that it was a bird's head  

We miss yo ugly sid the the Sloth , dur yes dur saying ass too 

Fire Emblem Echoes got leaked, damn. I read today that they wanted to leak the information next week but I guess not.

#Unite4Len #BBCQT you can't trust anything from someone who sleeps with the devil says Vote McCluskey X 

office furniture and resources that we don't need for the next few weeks are neatly packed in Gallery 5 

I'm not a structured person so I always date structured men. I can't think of the last time I dated a guy without a… 

Did so many errands today! So adult!! I'm tired but there is still more work to be done 

How to find balance between work, family life and training! Do you need help? Read more here:… 

1 episode in and actually Iron Fist doesnt look all that bad. Netflix-Marvel shows are slow by default, so no surprises there.

My fitbit #Fitstats_en_US for 4/06/2017: 16,316 steps and 8.1 miles traveled. 

Spent all this money during a manic episode on movies on Amazon Prime. Too broke to buy new movies so my goal is to watch all of them .

Starting a book club with my best friends this summer and I don't think I've ever been this giddy about something !!!    

Watch: Cast of “Strong Woman Do Bong Soon” Can’t Stop Eating In New Behind-The-Scenes Video 

Presentation today about Abbey's Closet: providing prom dresses and scholarships to folks in need. 

I swear to god this alphabet letter got me fucked since day 1        #coño

Women have told us that they are now scared to walk the streets of Sinfin alone. 

if they don't do anything special for their MSG show aka their last stop on their US tour IMMA SCREAM JUST FUCKING PLAY YOU AGAIN

The museum of death is so fucking trippy, I wanna go again

Babe need Dick ! My Pussy is HOT! Im here ->  Its Free! Im waiting for you!!! ? 

"It doesn't matter how many times you win an award, it is always very special." - Zinadine Zidane hits the nail on the head

keep calling me fuck ' im bouta throw this ugly ass phone

99% of road rage is from people not using their fucking blinker

#AFTERSETUP #TIREDNESS BACK HOME TO REST!!! Never get tired from what you do. Be joyous it's… 

i tried to eat healthy for a solid 2 days but then had uba, Mexican food and pizza...... life is hard

#climateaction Climate March for Justice Apparel - Represent 4-29-17  #climatejustice… 

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

Anyone recommend any good recording tool to record my singing? Cause all I ever use is the voice memos on iPhone  

A study by FR Allchin, University of Cambridge suggests India might be the ancient home of alcohol distillation 

Dear everyone who chews gum. KEEP YOUR FUCKING MOUTH SHUT

come on, eileen taloo rye aye, come on, eileen taloo rye aye, now you have grown, now you have shown, oh eileen

Well I haven't felt this damn awkward in a whileeee  

Taking My Panties Off and Fist Fucking My Ass Outdoors 

Temperature: 7°C Humidity: 78%. Thunderstorm with light rainshowers. Wind: NNW 23 kph #yeg #abwx #weather 5:30PM

I am a fucking gem and if you think otherwise lemme run you these hands

Spain suggests UK needs to calm down over Gibraltar following Howard's war threat - Politics live 

Iraqi intelligence: ISIL second-in-command killed in airstrike  

#RedskinsNation #HTTR #Redskins NFL Mock Draft 2017: Mel Kiper and Todd McShay think Redsk.. #WashingtonRedskins 

1000s of people worldwide are earning quiet fortunes, from their homes, even while they sleep. Are you next? 

FUCKING ART. YES SLAY HUNNY 

Damn I'm mad nivea tweaked with that ad. Their cream moisturizer does wonders for my face and it doubles as a primer  

or do people hurt the ones that love them the most... why would you hurt what you love the most?   

I'm not cheering for him...just that he fucked up! #WrestleMania

Severe T-Storms Fosters to Mansfield to Milam Moving NE At 50 MPH. 60 MPH Wind Gusts, Large Hail. Hail Dama... #lawx 

Back in the North East and looks like the spring has finally arrived here as well! 

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

is it a little bit sad that i am genuinely excited to write my dissertation even tho its like 6 months in advance

ISMG Launches 2017 Global Summit Series with Event in San Francisco  #Opines on #CyberSecurity

Whenever the cunt is that rinsed my bank account out on Saturday night, you're a fucking cunt  

A beautiful app dedicating to Malayalam song lovers all over the world: #rhythm #moviesongs  

You can all go back to your toys now. I'm glad this stupid law was repealed. Enjoy. — feeling fabulous

White Death Getting my hands cut off by piano wire strung between two trees as I pet the spring air out of the conv… 

Ya, because Trump will cut funding for your school. Go live in Middle East if you really mean it, but you don't. Ha… 

how fucked up is PJ rn?? the world may never know 

Hello #CALIFORNIA   "Now the wren has gone to roost and the sky is turnin' gold And like the… 

Four-Star General Slams Trumpand#8217;s Reckless Rush To War As A Political Stunt - 

TRAI: The Indian Youth Needs Affordable Internet Access - Sign the Petition! 

Omg or Slab!!!! I hate it when they say slab! And it's usually a pencil dick muhfucka 

Jamie Carragher: Daniel Sturridge could leave Liverpool  

“Here comes the eagle. Here comes the bear And they’re fighting to control The Lion dominion.” -Ziggy Marley, 1988 

Still early, but Lamont Wade, Mark Allen, DeAndre Thompkins, KJ Hamler and Josh McPhearson have been handling punt return practice.

#Brisbane Apr 06 10:00 Temperature 20C light showers Wind SE 17 km/h Humidity 75% Australia .. 

Regular training is paying off. All the pieces of the jigsaw are fitting nicely into place. Making an awesome picture.

It's been 5 continuous fucking days! 

#China signs #currency swap deal with #Qatar in the heart of #PetroDollar system 

SAC 116 MIN 109 Q4 1:23 Adreian Payne makes dunk (Karl-Anthony Towns assists) P:24 R:10 A:2 S:1 B:0 T:4 FD:37.0 DK:41.5

Stupid lil bitch done pissed me off. I ain't let nobody make me this mad in months   ‍

and then dumbasses will claim that the paint job is bad. 

Life is too short, your destiny is too great, your assignment too important to spend it with people that pull you down.

After that, he stands up again, adjusts his tie and dusts himself off. "My apologies, but I told you I would get you back." Wink.

Dirty Cam Chick Toys With Her Ass 

When u think shits going bad and then... 

feedingjoy: f_baluch #MissionSaved - “If you want to test your memory, try to recall what you were worrying about one year ago today.”

Ethical science + sustainable economy = more time and ability to enjoy a fulfilling life. Work for the sake of work… 

Don't forget to ievite people from off-Twitterdto follow you on Twitter. Include your actual Twitter ID

Apple aims for more control, less cost as it accelerates in chip design - Reuters 

"It appears North Korea is back on that bullshit. Not my problem, I'm going to nap." - Rex Tillerson

I absolutely hate when people don't reply    it annoys the fuck outta me

What was the Hoest thing you did — Dude I feel so fucking bad like I want to say it bu... 

You're on a roll today and everything you encounter seems to a... More for Leo 

Lambeau: IM IN UR HOUZ, STEELIN UR CHAIR. Me: Very polite of you to keep up appearances and continue to call it my… 

Mariota would be even more fire if he wasn't running the 1985 Oklahoma offense 

The Spider-Man: Homecoming Role Tom Holland Really Wanted Jason Momoa For – CINEMABLEND  #movies

We become exceptionally powerful when we choose to live consciously, to become AWARE of the life we are living... 

＠null #Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Kiew, UKR for now (20h28m01s UT): 29°00'59.5'' #Scorpio (AC) / 22°11'48.8'' #V… 

Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.-Peter Drucker 

I have taken a wrong turn at #TGC17 and found myself at the #Phrembleman #Theology conference #2017 which is apparently held downstairs.

Was dying when i watched this last night, this is what happens when the adderal kicks in   

Hey, shitheads, you're not going to get away with another stupid war! This time, the Goyim know! 

The Stupidest Trends Of 2016 That Trended Incessantly All Throughout The Year 

Already not having the best day and it's a fu  video. Who cares who it is. It's funny. That was the point of me posting it. Relaxxxxxx

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

Check-in on ChalkySticks at 1920 ( in London, . Find some competition. 

Academics - what kind of research is being done to apply machine learning to understanding animal communication?

11 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Dont you miss me already? Cause i already miss the pleasure you give to me! Want double pleasure tomorow! #wetisa… 

#Cowboys #Autograph Bob Lilly autographed 1960-62 Throwback Dallas Cowboys mini helmet Mr. Cowboy  #Original #Deals

Robin Roberts is a class act!! I was watching when that shot was dropped at the buzzer and it was heart... 

Fuck yesssss... I had this power man 5000 song in my head and it randomly came on!!!

You might have plans for a peaceful day of rest and relaxation... More for Cancer 

#resist Phillip Roth made one one of the most appropriate observations of trump. His followers meet the same. 

Get your tickets now at Superstar Jewelry Plies Easter Sunday legendssportbar will be a… 

The righteous are bold as lions; not afraid to mess up and start over again.  What will you do that is bold today? 

Also why are we all so hell bent on judging each other's relationships when we are all in dysfunctional relationships. Life isn't perfect.

yo u don't even fuckin know about life bro that shits crazy anything could happen gotdamn how tight is that !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Flat 'Rs.100 OFF on a bill of Rs. 350/- and above.Try our yummy rolls like Mixed Veg, Paneer tikka, Chicken... 

We made creative little umbrellas at Juice andJammies tonight for our rainy spring night theme. Join us next time,... 

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

I assume we all agree that taxation exists for most of us. My question: Do we actually have representation?

When you call your nigga on FaceTime an he don't get all excited talking bout how fine you are..try again sis he's not the one  

SEPTIMIUS SEVERUS 193AD Authentic Ancient Silver Roman Coin MARS WAR i60446  

never understood why people talk down to others. Kim is beautiful insideandout.People like Kim should be appreciated… 

   Leicester's league form:  ️ ️ ️ Will they make it  in a row v Stoke? 

Really loving #RichHousePoorHouse love that you can tell the well off family don't act snobby at all. And the kids reaction to trainers..   

Save yourself from all the lies of the beautiful people It's time to run from the lies of the beautiful people

The sweetest, fluffiest dog and dozens of his friends were just rescued from one of the worst 'industries' in the w… 

What are the biggest challenges for #RestaurantMarketing in 2017? #QSR #Retail  

The #Bucks add another young player to a team oozing potential in the next couple years. 

$800 to turn of the damn check engine light  ...plus the $120 for the test for them to tell me that bullshit.

Live a Good Honorable life. Then When You Get older And look Back, You'll be Able to Enjoy it a Second Time...

Soccerlens | Man Utd in talks with playmaker, optimistic about agreement; Star has impressed Mourinho 

Tech entrepreneur works, travels and homeschools family in modern bus conversion 

Are you fucking kidding me   

White House to be colored blue Sunday for autism awareness WASHINGTON (AP) -- The White House will briefly … 

Christianity has it's retards as well: 

I wrote that I was confused about the topic of an essay on a quiz and that I didn't know the answer...prof gave me 80% for being honest  

SON. "I broke my phone bc Mercury is in retrograde" ...what?? Ok so what if u broke ur phone when all planets were… 

Reps welcome Buhari’s moves to settle executive, legislative row: The House of… 

Oh, oh, oh It's magic You know Never believe it's not so It's magic You know Never believe it's not so

Currently on 234 Subscribers. If I can get to 250 by the end of April I'll be delighted   If you… 

#CindyCrawford CINDY CRAWFORD MEANINGFUL BEAUTY LOT - ANTI-OXIDANT CREME, GLOWING SERUM, CLEANS… 

me: do you know who the latest power rangers are from? kids: YES, 2A7! (Their own class) me: /rofl SHUDDUPP

Baroclinic waves on the β plane using low-order Discontinuous Galerkin discretisation  

iM READING SOMETHING AND THIS FUCKING STUPID BOY IS GONNA MAKE ME CRY AND IM GONNA BLOW UP IF HE DOES WHAT I THINK HES GONNA DO. I S2G. DJDK

Oh man, this episode of Lost Tapes is really fucking stupid. Where are the luchadors?

The guy across from me on my train just downed two mini bottles of vodka. Yikes. Kind of a tragic sight.

Kosher for Passover: New Rules and New Recipes  #fashion #fashionweeknews #voguemagazine 

the improve troupe changed the names of all their games for theor nsfw show... i hate them 

Tell me if I'm wrong but I'm pretty sure you don't have to be vegan to eat fruit   

Plenty of Aloe Vera juice will be required for the throat this weekend...... !Excellent entries and great weather f… 

#RT   Who should direct Donald Trump: the Movie? Step forward, Werner Herzog  #TRUMP 

Take Action Now - Amnesty International USA #justiceforsyria #TrumpImpeachmentParty #arresttrump #StandWithSyria 

Is Trump Right To Claim He Was Spied On? (pls RT↺) ️️  #DailyNews #VideoNews #alternativenews

El Paso's nightlife scene is replacing dance clubs with relaxed patio bars. #SociableCity 

If you give them a few hours, the same conservative pundits accusing Obama of politicizing surveillance will explain why this is all okay

#GEMINI - Apr 02nd 2017: Feeling a little bit restless and quite emotional? Be careful or you may be sayi... 

What belongs to me? What am I allowed to reveal? #amwriting #memoir #ArchiveDay #storytelling 

Off to Paris tonight! I hear it's like Quebec but with way less poutine and significantly more Eiffel Tower. Hopefully it balances out  

i complain every day about missing niall's voice while no ones heard harry talk for nearly 2 years how have you survived

Here's why Amazon is paying so much more to stream 'Thursday Night Football' 

EXILE THE SECOND / 「YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!!」  #EXILE TRIBE,#三代目 J Soul Brothers,#LDH

Naomi won the title after being paid dust for years, dropped it, came back and won it at the biggest PPV in wrestling in her hometown. Legend.

day three: a song that reminds you of summertime // THIS IS MY FAVORITE SONG EVER A1+ SUMMER VIBES AS HECK 

17 things for anyone who fucking loves pizza  

Mark O’Meara sat next to Tiger at the Champions Dinner and said that he's "struggling":  

I hate it when my friends won't tell me why they are mad at me like bitch wtf

Lifetime always showing some movie with some crazy ass person

#AmericanPrivilege: When ur cheering and saying "light them up" cuz you've NEVER had to worry about foreign nation dr… 

This sounds like a fucking follow-up to the Navy Seal copypasta. 

Pence: Bud you gotta sign it that's why we did this whole thing Trump: Gotta go see what's on Breitbart 

Galvanized votive holder is perfect for your indoor or outdoor entertaining. 

lrt is cute because they're opposite elements but theyre both companies will come to your house and kill you

I came a long way mentally, physically and emotionally; I be damn if some fuckers try to take that from me <EMOJI>️

It's pouring rain out and I really don't want to walk 5 mins up the street to the bus stop in it for a boring class sooooooo....

#TEWVactive staff lunchtime walk at the Ellis Centre, Scarborough - 20-30 minutes of goodness for you! Next walk 4 April.

So Ruby Ridge, Waco and the Bundys defy the FED and people die Fed crack down. City's defy the FED and they still let people go and sue ?

bitches and they friends be miserable sitting around discussing other bitches.

Nice dude John Legend defended Kim Kardashian against a cruel Twitter remark  

#inde nude girls in girdles getting fucked 

Up at 5am........ worth every minute of loss sleep!!!  didn't want him to leave tho!! #boyfriendvisits #cuddles #work #grrrr

KIER'S BIG STUPID QUESTION OF THE DAY: Scientists have decided sleeping naked is good for weight loss, male... 

Primestream to showcase media management for workflow at NAB: At NAB 2017, Primestream will showcase…… 

Matthew has called me a beautiful princess 4 times today and I don't plan on correcting him any time soon

Our #recruitment team have worked with the likes of the #NHS and #DepartmentOfTransport! Find your dream job today - 

531 Grand is just about topped off. Soon hundreds of additional residents will live on this former surface parking… 

Iraqis wanted our jets to keep fighting ISIS, docs reveal … 

No butt lift knickers Vs butt lift knickers. Some say deception, I say feeling great in your… 

Nasty brunette whore gets her dirty 

Picture in the background is India's pride and Pakis' rancour that they have not forgot even after the lapse of a g… 

New TechCrunch Article: Author Ryan Holiday talks about the value of stoicism in a high-tech world 

Respect again to those traveling to Ipswich today Up the fucking Blues #bcfc

I know you know this, but Lin is a national fucking treasure.

Walking around in Miami with a $50K Camera – Miami Video  

I cop this every time but also get parred since Aloe Vera also make wet wipes, so my boys refer to this as ass juice 

our genetics entangle with all life thru wind, water, earth and spirit. more Unites than divides us.

Dudley: I don’t think we are removing the punch bowl, yet. We’re just adding a bit more fruit juice. 

My neighbors are so fucking neglectful. Of their yard, cars, dog, child, garbage can.

Word on the street is The Hardy Boyz are returning tonight. I'm gonna Swanson Bomb some n. #WrestleMania

+Nigerians reacts to a birthday pictures of a 19 Yr old, they say the backside is not 19 (Photos/Reactions) 

I hate when people pretend to like someone but them stab them in the back by stealing everything they can from them. 

my hand looks really fucking deformed but WHO CARES

Nothing will deter you from fulfilling your ambitions once you... More for Sagittarius 

Hey! I hope you are all enjoying your Sunday! Here it is sunny and the plants are lovely!   The pic is a portrait o… 

PM reviews flagship irrigation scheme; pitches for early completion of priority projects:  - India News, Latest New…

can't believe it's been 3 years since I won the Teen Activism Shorty Award wow 

You're four times as likely to have an accident while talking on the phone while driving – even hands free 

#MobileNews: Report – Apple orders 70 million OLED panels from Samsung for iPhone 8 

Spacious Family Home with tons of extras! For sale homes in Arizona (16332 W MARCONI AVE SURPRISE AZ 85388) 

Nakita Kash kissed licked and fucked 

tell me why someone came up to me today and asked if I work here when I'm stood in my Tesco uniform  

One of my faves. Rollie coached a perfect game, Villanova players played perfect game in monumental upset. 

Pro-Isis group draws up 'kill list' of targets - including names, addresses and emails of some people in UK  killem

Thank you vern0912 for following, me and the support. Don't forget to follow me on #Instagram at 

The Political Parties Are An Illusion Designed To “Relegate The Governed To The Level…  

Do you ever stop and think, this guys a fucking pussy?

Anyway my point still stands. Be aware of men who are friends with a lot of women (also femmes and non het men. They leech off them too)

QUIT FUCKING LYING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#ObamaGate #SusanRice

You can fuck up a lot. She'll ride with you. But once you fuck her over. It's personal it Tells her what she means to you. Which isn't shit.

Sometimes you have a really long day and family is already calling your charge nurse before 0830… 

twitter is fucking distracting I'm going to bed now forreal

Here's What Happened When We Tried Starbucks' New "Cure For The Common Cold" 

First you heal, then you get excited for new love, then you heal, then you get excited for new love, then you heal, then you get excited for

Just ate 12 nuggets and a potato loaded in cheese and I'm still fucking hungry

In #sports, I win because your better. You win because your better. That's it I don't accept excuses. ― Kenneth de Guzman  

Help to Revoke Dr. Whitford's Licence to Practise Unethical Veterinary Medical Procedures!  

Tottenham 4 Watford 0: Son shines as Spurs hammer Hornets  ^EveningStandard 

5 Things to know for Thursday, or, the '5 P's' of Portland business today: Rare is the morning when things — Five… 

Congratulations to Russell Westbrook for tying Oscar Robertson record with 41st triple double of the season… 

#NBA Infant/Baby #Minnesota #Timberwolves 6/9 Mo Kid Athlete  #Basketball 

12PK Spine 500 Carbon Arrows for Archery Hunting with Extra 12pcs Field Points  

Turnpike Traffic Alert on Pennsylvania Turnpike I-76 all directions between Exit 236 - US 15 and Exit 247 - I-283/To PA 283 affecting no lan

Sally Fitzgibbons wins Margaret River Pro, beating world champion Tyler Wright #Surfing #bhive 

me: [describes what a "dongle" is] katelyn: THATS JUST A PENIS! YOU JUST DESCRIBED A PENIS

Nothing is holding back your imagination now, freeing you to e... More for Aquarius 

Do you like pineapple on pizza? (Idk why people rag... — NO. I HATE COOKED FRUITS. WHY WOULD YOU COOK A ... 

These Derps Will Turn Into Fierce Killers, But They’re Pretty Adorable Right Now 

Will seeing everything that's white as racist never end? Huge Majority of Whites are NOT racist! Only a minority th… 

Are we witnessing #shale revolution 2.0? Read more about the “wave of optimism” for 2017  

flibbr on Twitter - Tinder is launching a DAPP version utilizing the ethereum blockchain. Uber is aswell. BTC.. sh… 

when ya healthy it's like, we don't really care for Him then leave me alone God, I'll call you when I need you again

"The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual." Vince Lombardi #quote #RT

English is a wonderful language, but when it comes to understand its core, there are very few books as this one,... 

If You Ever Wondered How Lesbians Make Love Now You Have All The Answers. You Will Like It! 

All that shit Joseline did to those women and she wanna be cool now fuck outta here #LHHATL #LoveAndHipHopATL

Former Chief of Staff: Syrian Chemical Weapon Narrative Could Be An Israeli False Flag 

i love these boys so much it's been 5 years since i saw watched 'history' with my friend and started slowly loving… 

Tips For A Smooth Relocation  #UKrelocation#movingtotheUK  offer bespoke relocation support

I love my humanities professor so much he always asks about the book I'm reading and genuinely listens to ask questions AW

The new trend of elegant and elegant carved rose modeling Silver Ladies ring 02  

Throat Slammed Slut Gets Her Ass Fucked 

Something is deeply wrong with him! That and the LYING! Scare the hell out of me.. 

Good Luck to you on your first day on the job at Fenway Park | Opening Day | Go Sox!!!… 

I only watched one ep of 13 reasons why and im prayin its good bc the book has been my favorite one since middle school

#ImpeachTrump One more reason illegal act bombing Syria without congressional approval Americans wake up and demand Congress to do their job

#VantageSA great speech from Andrew Daniels about how Adelaide Oval offers amazing customer experience

A sense of panic hangs right at the edge of your awareness. Yo... More for Aries 

Brushing and washing my hair every Sunday is a fucking chore

Tweet number correlates perfectly with number of research projects I am supposed to be marking. From my death bed* as well! *a bit poorly

Yo, those 3D pictures of babies make me want to fucking vomit.

excessive finsta-ing is so fucking stupid and the fact that i have to say the word finsta-ing is also stupid

everyone, not helping me with anything: you should be a model me, constantly applying every few weeks: yeah i know

Look at this dudes fucking profile picture seeing as Halloween is overThank you in 11 days;

people who were once good to me won't stop stabbing me in the back. *hella jeff voice* it keeps happening

I'll put this potbellys food, over these ugly hoes who pretend to be bad..

Still not over the fact my best friend has a view like this and I'm stuck in rainy Lexington 

Even tho I hate bugs I got home and saw a million of them finding shelter on my porch from dis cold ass wind and I realized all lives matter

James 3:1 - My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation.

And we’re back on this. “The president, they said, was a visual and auditory learner.” 

Many people in Nigeria don't seem to know what impunity is. The Senate has done more for Nigeria than the Executive. Aso Rock is useless.

South Tucson: Abra  100.0% (15/15/15 - Charge Beam/Signal Beam/tiny til 11:58:30(29m 46s). 

One day I will have time and motivation to start drawings digitally. Oh well I cant even draw good first place :l im pandering again

I didn't get passes for a screening of F8 on Saturday because I thought I was working an event that night but the event is Friday night

#Kobe #Souvenirs New with tag Kobe Bryant Lakers Hardwood Classic Swingman Jersey. Adult XXL.  #Fan #Apparel

How many followers do you get daily? 2 awesome new followers for me! Grow with 

#10: Nintendo Switch Case Kingtop Hard Shell Travel Carrying Protective Storage Bag for Nintendo Switch (Gray)… 

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "UNIMEIX Professional 12 Pcs Makeup Brushes Cosme..." by UNIMEIX.  #giveaway

we need 2 keep the same rules in place when the repub's refuse to let Obama's pick get in. Use that as the guideli… 

I can understand criticizing the story or not liking a track but getting personal with the actors is where you cross the lines #Ishqbaaaz

Thunderstorms will be possible Tuesday for portions of the Southern Plains as an area of low pressure moves... 

"It takes a village to raise a child" FFS And a village idiot to believe that Hillary NWO slogan: Princ... 

Mauro Ranallo confirms that he will not be at #WrestleMania  

Thanks and congratulations to all on a great start to the 2017 Middle School Swimming Season! See results below:... 

[#G7C_VOTE] MCOUNTDOWN Vote for #GOT7 #NeverEver from now until 4/3 9AM...  by #got7co via… 

Helpful tips for dealing with anger and aggression in children  #anger #parenting

IM FUCKING SHOOK WTF I GO TO EVANSVILLE ALL THE TIME AHSBSVVWS 

The busta rythmns new wat was up u bey9nce in hellraiser..now silent bro up the screen ..busta who else..now now i aint alone in this

Came home from training,tired wildly ! I learn here  

was there supposed to be like some weird dramatic shit after jason went missing? like he was gonna come back all dramatic like?

Just Pinned to #Sales Get Over Your Fear of Selling (And Make More Money) Vaporize fear of selling so you can make… 

It's not my fault is what kids say , When you blame your surroundings and everyone but yourself for your... 

Agreed but it is not for news services, especially The Borg Broadcasting Corporation, to define the Prosecution's c… 

'Madeleine McCann is alive' Ex-cop who investigated disappearance offers ... -  #news… 

literally the gunfights in this game went from being perfect to being about on par with DayZ in terms of people just lagging around

16 more permanent workers at Omax Autos, Dharuhera, sacked last week, taking total permanent workers sacked to 34 

Former #US Attorney, #SusanRice Ordered Spy Agencies To Produce ‘Detailed Spreadsheets’ Involving #DonaldTrump 

Masonry Magazine Subscription Mason Contractors Assn America 505% Sales Rank in Magazine… 

It's BBQ season so come by George's where the ground is always fresh, the beef is always free range/grass fed,... 

RS freshman Tyler Biadasz has gotten a ton of first-team reps at center with Deiter at LG. #Badgers started the scrimmage like that today.

Obama-era cyber executive order extended by Trump: A cyber executive order from the Obama-era has been…  #infosec

MY FRIEND WENT TO PANIC! CONCERT AND BRENDON URIE SHOUTED "EVERYONE IN THE WHITE HOUSE CAN SUCK MY DICK" DURING GIRLS/GIRLS/BOYS

Travis Co. officials planning to give inmates iPad-like tablets to pass…  #ipad #news #apple

The second-leading tackler of 2016? He's on the Redskins now:  (via RapSheet) 

§ Quantum Break - Xbox One - Brand New - Fast Shipping - Factory Sealed!  

Wind 3.6 km/h NE. Barometer 1037.6 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 12.1 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 87%

the person that is trying to hack me deleted all my drafts :( I'm gonna make this account unhackable just see

fucked by turkish guy in sexkino berlin 

children advert, so think of this as a complete loss of any chance of a future for over 2.5 million children

I swear some of y'all need to learn how to fucking worry about yourselves.

In an age when facts seem irrelevant, these high school students prove that asking questions, and not accepting con… 

Bitches so stupid I just be telling them I got a gf because that's when they appreciate your time

#Breaking #news Further six charged over Croydon asylum teen attack  #world 

i'm so sad i can't smell pri's farts :( i bet they smell better than mine i hope we meet one day and toot away

Swear dude my dad always making nasty ass agua chile like wtf homie make ceviche tf

People always putting they business on social media . Keeping everything to yourself is always better

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

Nice Carnival King Of Energie 2017. Chris Summerfield Photo TV youtube. Follow me there 

Please assure me once again that Lahore doesn't require a Karachi style operation. And if it doesn't why??… 

Red Car Steering Wheel Mount Holder Rubber Band iPhone iPod MP4 Holders  

2017-04-09-00:00:00.009: Temp: 29.51, Weight1: 6.826, Weight2: 0.000, Weight3: 0.000, Weight4: 0.000

Babygirl that pussy wetter than chicken noodle soup  

To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life. #DTBYStillTheOne

Sliced my finger open on a glass at work, really needs stitches but I'm way too tired to go to aande

Is it normal to have murderous thoughts? Is it some kind of mental disorder? 

#jennifer anniston blowjob princess jasmine fucking 

***Purchase HIGH QUALITY HITS HERE! www. Make Your Mixtape Or Album STAND Out WITH THESE HOT BEATS 

Oil Jumps On Growing Support For OPEC Deal Extension -  

Jeune fille mignonne Fucked Outdoors 

Knowing that I'm at college today and then thinking about going home to tan my mums back is not getting me through the day

Alright--spring break is here so it's time to buckle down and organize all my documents on my laptop and label ever… 

Origi has an astonishing goal scoring record for someone so young. How some are saying we should offload him I'll never know. #LFC

France: Muslim who murdered Jewish woman shouted “Allahu Akbar!” 'They tried to cover up the ... 

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

Top U.S. General: ‘We Have Not Relaxed the Rules of Engagement’ in Mosul    Mira Aqui 

Ain't no way I'm comfortably coming second to someone knowing they have a girlfriend at home and only use you when they feel like it! DUMMY

#ANCYL there this idiot of cosas speaking, i think hate speech will come out of his speech if he doesnt stop.

I FUCKING KNEW IT OH MY GOD #TheWalkingDeadFinale #TheWalkingDead

So yeah that just saved me about $25-$30 from going to the theatre I like to go to in the factory’s area where there’s no one there weekdays

Expandable Bangle in White Tone Brass with Dream Big Symbol..  #fashionblogger 

Source(s):  Link back:  e621 ID: 618925 Artist(s): nightfaux 

Lululemon CEO: Recent 'drastic changes' led to an 'instant pickup' in sales: Jim Cramer spoke with Laurent Potdevin… 

LMAAOOOO this girl in the break room just said "carnage is fucking sick"         

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

#Bulls #Card: 2016-17 Panini Select Chicago Bulls Full Case Team Break (12boxes)  #Cards 

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Store Manager -  #Retail #Plano, TX #Hiring

Brunette gets fucked with a baseball bat in the bedroom 

HUMANS USE ME AS A MASCOT FOR FUCKING BATTERIES I CAN RUN ALL DAY 

   Trump to have first in-person talks with Chinese president Xi Jinping next week    see h… 

Another Christ Representer at one of our events! This is our Triblend Dolman Top with Rhinestone Squared Cross... …… 

you must be fkin retarded to throw that away pal, your loss u nastay thang x

If this ain't the fucking truth man. 

Learning to give clear inst...  Today in writing we lea... 

I was thrown in the pit three times tonight and it was fucking lit   

Creative Reuse Project Make A Wall Planter! – Center for Ecotechnology |  | #HoseClamps 

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

Rapoport on plan for Newton's return #CarolinaPanthers  

this is me when im fucked up drunk ;__; 

I fucked my wife in minecraft yet you're still a Virgin

Excellent comment piece on Scottish Women's Aid and Rape Crisis Scotland's principled refusal to collude in the Chi… 

*gets in real uncomfortably close to the mic* clariceheart............. cuddling. *kick flips mic into the crowd, does a backflip off stage*

10.31 CT CalCite Natural Astrological Gemstone in Excellent Quality - GemsMine  

Eight of the Delightful Dishes at Volcano Bay  #universalstudios #volcanobay #orlando

Munchausen syndrome is a psychiatric factitious disorder wherein those affected feign disease, illness, or... 

you're either on my side, by my side, or in my fucking way #MayWardforUniSilverTime

if you voted for trump or supported him. you are no longer allowed to fucking talk to me.

When Özil is in the mood man, bloody hell he can lift this team

Sunni #Islam #Terror strikes St. Petersburg in the Russian Federation: A Global Reality 

I got my license!!! This is the coolest fucking thing.      

What ya doing?............"Oh,just having an apple with my fucking bear" 

to do it woman fucking dogs 

Thank you for all you taught me, being there for me when I needed someone, and loving me like your own. 

EU assistance to Tunisia spent well, yet management flaws should be addressed #Accountancy 

"My truth" is just another touch-me-not Libertarian way of saying my personal subjective opinion, shaming anyone who challenges this "truth"

Thanks "Igor Naming Agency" For Following Me !!! Check out  if you want to connect further :) 

Found a Transponder Snail! Famed Pirate Hunter captured! Exclusive shots!!  #TreCru 

The CFPB gives us yet another reason why you should check your own credit report Most complaints are result of error 

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!  #TreCru 

HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY TO MY CONSTANT 1/2!!  I LOVE YOU SO MUCH and IM THANKFUL TO HAVE WORKED WITH U THIS YR HERE'S TO MO… 

They frown on ma crown knwin I aint a clown to be fucking around.

Ugandan police arrest a minister for receiving a bribe, to the surprise of some, but how will it conclude? 

Unexpected flight   — traveling to Bangkok, Thailand from Suvarnabhumi Airport 

#WeAreUtahJazz #UtahJazz #GoJazz NBA-Highlights of Tuesday's NBA games (Reuters) 

good morning, sunshine! the universe rings! we are up and ready. can't wait to get that bunny… 

This Guy Sent A Friend Request To This Hottie. Now She Doing Everything For Him! 

What Are LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms (and How to Amplify Their Impact with Zapier) 

my instagram is 50% people throwing clay on pottery wheels and 50% paint being mixed with palette knives. my art major is showing

Fucking bareback with a friend 

Found a Transponder Snail! Ace and Luffy form an unbreakable wall in battle!  

Storm chasers drove into a tornado on purpose. Then their peers berated them. - Washington Post… 

53 Portable Closet Storage Organizer Wardrobe Clothes Rack With Shelves  

Don't tell me to be silent. I have ears. I have eyes. I have a mouth I I use them, do you? My voice is strong when I am joined with others.

#BLACKPINK's Channel V+ update with Jisoo, Jennie, Rose and Lisa I'm so done with our maknaes   

Wind 0.0 km/h NNE. Barometer 996.0 hPa, Falling. Temperature 2.7 °C. Rain today 12.0 mm. Humidity 100%

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

“ “ “ “ “ “ Liked on YouTube: How To Get Rich | 5 Rich Principles That Change Your Life: Liked on YouTube: How To Get Rich | 5 Rich …

These Radical EVs From Audi, BMW, Mercedes, and Porsche Arrive in Just a Few Years 

Dumbass bitch go fucking die please. 

If only Krugman's contention about the long standing dominance of "free market orthodoxy" were true, maybe we'd all be much richer

Literally, the best thing ever is when the team you have winning it all on your bracket and they're in the finals :-)

See this is why I can't be sad or anything for long... Why Rem teach me something random that I didn't want to know? So done

He did not let any grass grow under his feet to sell out #SouthAfrica to the #Guptas surely he did not have time to… 

America’s gangland: How Chicago became a cultural capital of crime - The A.V. Club 

" that's what she gets for fucking a liberal "    

GOD has NEVER FAILED, GOD IS NOT FAILING, GOD WILL NEVER FAIL! do u know why? GOD WILL NEVER STOP BEEN GOD! #spikinSpirit

We take the series with a clean 3-0 victory against Prismatix! GGWP #TridentRL.   

For he is nothing but mere human, gifted with extraordinarily inhumane physique; but the line's drawn between him and the rest of them.

Fernando be like "I don't like it when you're mad at me too." And I'm like BITCH SHE WILL BE MAD YOU HAD ANOTHER BASTARD

Heartbreaking to learn the closure of St. Anthony's. I am one of many who has learned from Coach Hurley, who has changed countless lives

Applied Ventures is providing free dolphins to play with to lower terror, but is it worth the poor condition the dolphins are kept in? #gnn

America is strengthening the Hindu state and weakening Pakistan. We should abandon alliance with America and say #NoToAkhundBharat

Lovin Inspire foundation school friends help more people in East Staffordshire 

You know you're a loser when you're mom starts sending you cute pics of clothes to go out in.. #homebody

#ShingekiSeason2 please don't post spoilers for the episode. Some people don't know what happened and haven't seen it yet.

Yo wtf is this AJDNDOSKQKAKAN, yo auto correct done fucked up

Fucked by an Aussie daddy in his hotel 

After decades of living, how are people at my workplace still not potty-trained? Yall need to go for a course isit??

Ally is so captivating, even more when she's singing. She closes her eyes, she connects with the music's wonderful ️ 

Why is it Important for my Business to Post Blogs? -  

Hanging at UB on Friday, Unsacred headlines the metal showcase at Macrock on Saturday, then heading to Damaged City for Marked Men on Sunday

xhamster eva mendes gets fucked 

I grew up in KwaNdebele and we used long drops back in the day, my cousin said "pinky pinky" on my way to the toilet. Did I proceed? Oh hell

#Weather Conditions at 20:00:00 | Wind: 1.9mph E | Pressure: 991.0mb Rising slowly | Temp: 9.1°C | Rain today: 0.0mm | Humidity: 74%

"Nothing I've ever done has given me more joys and rewards than being a father to my children." -Bill Cosby… 

"Citing no evidence"; what a shocking andnotable change for that creature!   #RESIST      #PROBE     #IMPEACH       

Jesus...just end this match already. What a fucking joke. #Wrestlemania

They want us to go to they schools and be fuckin miserable, studyin that bullshit, fuck that do what the fuck makes… 

trum p is stupid as hell he will never help the working man his sheep have been conned trump is a liar nothing but… 

Another work con that I'm not "allowed" to attend. I would rather you just say, we're not sending you than find out it's a secret.

Don't give hope cards if you don't want anyone to assume that they got a chance on you and be assertive, they should know their place.

I'm watching my recordings of home improvement no congratulations for me no nothing the race was boring as hell

Congress Passes Bill To Abolish Country of Origin Labels On Meat  

Klopp: "When Phil came off I felt it was too early for Daniel Sturridge to come on in such an intense game." SO WHY BOTHER THEN? FUCK SAKE

Virtually all Democrats voted for paid sick leave bill in House, all Republicans voted against it. #mdga 

Sat at captain cooks monument and Mol turns round and says it's almost as hot as Barcelona     yeh mol boilin 

guanlin ➸ okay... he really caught my heart. he seems so shy and precious and omg i already just want to protect him i have the URGE

How to pay for cancer treatments Cancer Tutor is here to help. Personalize your browsing experience today with a F… 

This chick literally said she wanted to go home and pass out as she was re-doing her lipstick for the 3rd time

Road Trips! Reading Carnival, 29th May and Northampton Carnival, 10th June... Come leh we go!! 

liz._calloway knocking out her last set of deadlifts with 105lbs. She's doing great on this… 

I dont like to hate on my dog because he's mine and thats a representation of me, but damn sometimes he does some real stupid stuff  

This Revolutionary New Cream You Will Get Rid Of Blackheads In Just 10 Minutes 

Daddy said "description of handsome guy is when he never missed his prayer and always praying in time . never late"

If you had to be stuck as any fairytale protagonist... — princess and the pea!! all she had to do was rest a... 

This is my 1st ever attempt to lv faster then 5 hrs to 70,this is the best iv done with the mistakes iv... 

... the satisfaction that the other fellow isn't any better off; and, finally, the surprise at everyone's being worse off." ~ K. Kraus

gemini : mean asf , argues a lot , a mess , super aggressive for no reason when upset , doesn't know how to treat a person like a person

Jamie Carragher's right - 'Little' Everton are making it easier for Liverpool  (Source: liverpoolecho - Sport)

6 Tips To Running A Successful Photography Business That EVERYONE Should Be Aware Of! - Colorvale Actions 

My reflection today is on the Virtue / Character of Perseverance. Perseverance is about having the willfulness to... 

CenturyLinkVoice: Far from Silicon Valley, emerging tech hub pulls workers to northern Louisiana… 

Trying to get a family snap is never easy! #juststandstill #asgoodasitgets #mummyanddaddythinktheylookcoolinshades… 

I'm fucked up, I'm faded, I'm so complicatedddddddd

Here are 250 Ivy League courses you can take online right now for free  

  YASSS It's time for a great show  TeamMindye :#Coins4Votes  #Coi  

"AKA Gronk". Who says that in normal conversation? Dasha is doomed with the questions they give her #SDLive

Between taking calls, scheduling showings, holding open houses, and the giant list of other tasks a good agent is... 

I'm out of here a session is awaiting my arrival..... until next week Tallaght. 

I can't say it anymore, I gotta do it. this shit is really crazy and I don't deserve nothing like it   ‍

Don't forget. Tomorrow, first home friendly. Come get your members card and support the lads. Tea Room is open as always.

#Accesstojustice is an important safeguard that contributes to ensuring fairness and public trust in the legal syst… 

I would never take advantage of someone in a vulnerable state. They will latch onto you and drain you.

I question whether or not the filthy casuals will understand that this Japanese man in a Michael Jackson leather suit is the shit. #sdlive

There's that cute little smile. S1E1. Click to play. #AidanTurner #DanteGabrielRossetti #Rossetti… 

What amount of time Facebook Phone number group will take to understand my questions? 1-844-746-2972 

If you're wondering what that enormous, ominous smoke cloud visible from the Orlando resort area is... It's this. P… 

If you're going through a rough time, the Universe just might be preparing you for something greater. MATA TWINS TwinItToWinIt TMI

So the prince and the princess were married in an incredibly grand celebration. MATA TWINS TwinItToWinIt TMI

Arnold Schwarzenegger says that he isn't done with #TheTerminator franchise  

I like the Twitter update simply because I'm tired of cutting down my tweets when I'm replying to someone.

2x 7443 5630 12 SMD + CREE Amber LED Projector Lens Car Brake Turn Signal Light  

Mother insists you check-in to Bates Motel one last time and win prizes. Enter before the motel closes forever.

"You don’t FIND time for #selfcare - you MAKE it!" -  #smallbiz #entrepreneur #podcast… 

We will explore how technology, culture and green spaces can be factors in attracting top talent at #FTBuenosAires:… 

One Direction's Harry Styles reveals how Adele guided his debut solo album.  by… 

I'm too broke to buy anything angry... Hot heads ain't sexy. Calling names ain't sexy.. How would a queen address problems? Not wit anger

And I got a Minah photocard-- But. Why. Do. I. Always. Minah. EVERYTIME. I want yura but get Minah, it must be a sign.

Wyoming wildlife team just released 90 wild kangaroos into Wyoming wilderness, they're doing koalas soon. What a time to be alive ...

Everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today, but you k... More for Cancer 

Fucking ignorance. Please don't speak on something you don't know nothing about. You look stupid.

  ‍ lame ass niggas!!! I know he wasn't calling her them names to get her in that bed. 

Who would've thought this would be a MOTN contender without a stipulation. #Wrestlemania 

coming out to straight people is so funny. "hey I'm [not heterosexual]" is apparently translates "I'm not at all the person u though I am"

Luhan not cry easily. When he’s feeling down, he’ll find somewhere to be alone, where no one can find him.

id rather let you punch me than punching that innocent bug jeon punch me everywhere you want *wink wonk* 

I feel like someone is sitting on my FUCKING chest

Man oh man fellaini is fucking trash as usual...how does he start for us

Team #Vijay61 is delighted with the song that #ARRahman has given. The track will signify the rise of the hero (#Vijay).

It could seem like there are invisible boundaries in place tha... More for Aquarius 

That fact that she added a smirk at the end, and we totally know what question they answered     

Funny Talks Between Hanif Raja and Rafia Rafiq Then Live Performance of Hassan Dabuka At Port Grand Karachi 

PAR~A~DIGM Prepares Anticipated New Full Length Album Release  #Opines on #Energy

Cillizza: Trump just keeps creating smokescreens to mask his Russia problem 

YOU'VE GOTTA BE FUCKING KIDDING ME HELL NO BITCH #TWDFinale #TWD

When you see a bad bitch out with her man so you gotta devise a plan to bag her 

If drafting Taco at 21 means Detroit Lions fans get free tacos after wins, you bet your ass I want him on this team.

World War III here we come. "..the current proposal would likely result in Russian military deaths..." 

my sister brought her dogs to my house for the night and i'm fucking pissed because she made me out my cats away so her dogs could be inside

4/4/82 Orlando, FL. Dory Funk Jr vs Hacksaw Butch Reed, Kendo Nagasaki vs Brian Blair and more. 

NHL Playoffs: Pittsburgh Penguins in unlikely, unfortunate goaltending situation #DetroitRedWings #NHLPlayoffs… 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Mel Kiper Jr. re-grades 2016 NFL Draft classes, and the #Steelers don’t improve much 

I'm a magnet for bad bitches⁰You got the goin' out sad bitches   

You're so fucking annoying, like quit being obsessed with me

On God I be saying shit like dis   like nigga it ain't no way you can get open     

It's hard to sit still and do nothing today, making it extreme... More for Gemini 

Adrianne Ho wearing Supreme x Champion Hooded Sweatshirt.  

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

She Wanted To Lose Herself In Him. To Tie His Arms Around Her Like A Tourniquet. If She Showed Him How Much She Needed Him, He'd Run Away.

From professional marketplace #art #contemporaryart #Painting from #artist Roger Bensasson 

Twenty-four hour drinking has led to a surge in violent crime in city centres, police warn 

#tranny #adult #ass AmberWhite89: Im dominating, I have very big dick  #webcamsex

Avg Wind:5kts, Wind Dir:23 °(NE), Gust Dir:6 °(N), Water Temp:8.3 °C, Gust:8kts at 06/04/2017 15:54:00

This dude in the gym is super-setting shrugs on a smith machine with cable shrugs and flexing his arms between sets. Why  

News: Man to stand trial over alleged arson attack  #Essex 

Makes me wish I had a fucking projector... 

Shits never been this bad before, no idea what to do, just flowing through life anyway 

It might feel as if others are pushing you around today, but y... More for Libra 

#Song LaShun Pace - For My Good np #SecondLife | World>About Land>Sound> Music URL 

Global Board Portal Market Trends, Industry Analysis, Outlook and Forecasts to 2017-2021  #pr

How you gone try an play a bitch an you a fucking bum ass nigga

Elevating the status of live experience - our latest blog looks at how... #eventprofs… 

People considering careers: become elevator service technicians (Also private members' bills have little chance of… 

So Mr. Flynn just asked for immunity in exchange for testimony. Going to get more interesting than I thought it would...

If you know a high school student interested in coding, encourage them to register a Code Quest team today… 

I'm pleasantly surprised at EXO and BTS fansites who have been posting beautiful picture of Tzuyu. I never knew she was so popular with them. 

i finished my lab report but i think my nerves are fucked up

Matter fact mfs like her wanna see a young, black girl like me fail   it won't happen .. it won't work no matter what

NHL Scores 2016: Connor McDavid is back and ready to terrorize... #ConnorMcDavid  #connormcdavid

Dear person reading this, you deserve a life full of happiness adn positivity. so don't let others get to you and believe in yourself

Wildlife Photographer of the Year: unforgettable animal behaviour  

Waterproof 7" 2V3 Color LCD Touch Key Wired Video Door Phone Doorbell Intercome  

Building industry argues limited housing supply is main cause of GTA's soaring real estate market… 

Motherfucking drunk people though, for real. Fuck me to death I have class you inconsiderate bitch   

probably build a luxury condo there, because right now boston has a severe shortage and VERY sharp demand for luxur… 

You are trying a new approach to doing your chores today. You ... More for Leo 

congrats to this little one na tamad mag-aral pero may honors for her first medal in school  gr 2 na din ako in do… 

Although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin... More for Capricorn 

#NYPD alerts #feds to #court #deportation appearances despite 'sanctuary' vow... 

10 tips for foolproof flowerpots #homegardeningadvice,#gardeningtips,#gardeningideas,#gardening plans 

#Crashidlecontest crash,after a break(no buttons pressed)Can enter in"fool mode". User,moving the Sixasis,can move Crash in a special way 

Kepler-374 c is transiting now in Cygnus. It's 1.1x larger than Earth and transits again in 3.3 days.

she might not have all that ass but she can move it better than some of y'all with it :) no shade 

It could seem like there are invisible boundaries in place tha... More for Aquarius 

SpaceX wants to try recycling more of Falcon 9 rocket  

Man I just been in this mentality like .GET MONEY .! GET YOURSELF TOGETHER . Fuck anything and anyone who try to interfere with that

Eagles: RB Christian McCaffrey, LB Reuben Foster and WR Corey Davis among best potential options at No. 14 pick -... 

See what you should be eating – and avoiding – if you want to lose weight Very fast. 

TFL UPDATE: TfLTrafficNews: Streatham High Rd / Streatham Common Nth -The road is partially blocked N/B by a HGV we are trying to find out …

OMG I never thought I would like James Kennedy but I am loving him on the reunion right now #pumprules

If you talk to me like a retard 

Learn while playing and play while learning with Learn PHP -Simple PHP Tutorial!: #simplephp #quizapp… 

You dead ass said you were done like.. 5 times already and you're still in my mentions. 

Haha but I'm still waiting on him to holla. Have given up on Zed nxggas. The only one I like is taken.   

Why are email marketers still not using segmentation and targeting?  

Probably going to stream beatmania the final starting at roughly 9pm Pacific on Saturday. Come nerd out in chat :) 

Out the fucking window. You get treated the way you treat me.  

Chemist admitted tampering with evidence 'Stunning': 23K Convictions to Be Wiped Over Fraud | WTKS Chemist admitte…… 

I lowkey have to finish everything I need to finish this weekend because #ChewingGum will take over my Tuesday!       

    They don't call em commander in chief for nothing. He makes the call when everyone else is acting like a pussy     

When I fucking thought I just need to worry about Bambam enlisting in Thailand too and now this   

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Both Fri March 31st and Sat April 1st, Little Red Hen welcomes The Dusty 45s to the stage! Live Music and Dancing with… 

#repost singaporean facebook is fucking trash and you can never convince me otherwise. 

I was a fashion icon. Ahead of my time.    (My mother is an artist I had no hope of being normal.)   

Can't fuck with someone who be talking bad about my friends infront of my face  

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

Who have a girlfriend that don't bitch or trip on them ? Nobody!   that's impossible to find !

#singapura tamil fucking gril tantra sex workshop 

I skipped my first class to study for the test in my second class, but then my teacher canceled that second class.  

Saw this one 4 times in the first two hours of my day so I blocked Snickers. 

Not a surprise #BarryManilow, but we're happy 4 u! "Barry Manilow comes out as gay and reveals partner of 39 years” 

 "The best thing I have ever done!" Gold Coast Breast Augmentation completed with 290cc, Teardrop Implants.... 

I don't know why but whenever it rains I'm in the mood to write and just sit and listen to music    #judgeme #idc

2% of AARP 3.8 million members self-identify as #LGBTQ, making it one of the largest LGBTQ pop'n in a member org #FF2017 #GreyPower #Seniors

Why has every night of this spring break been literally fucked

#2 SnD - PUBSTOMPASAURUSREX [worlds dopest bot] First Master Prestige playing only SnD  #SupportSmallStreamers

South Africa leaders divided after President Zuma sacks Gordhan  

If AJ leaves and I don't get an AJ/Shinsuke match to have a mark out for the ages I will flat out riot

Schoolgirl Fucked By Lover In A Bathroom 

If I'm just waking up or have been offline for a few hours, I check  quickly to see if we're at war with anyone yet.

Back in the studio tonight with scpdrums starting my 3rd solo album #newmusic #newalbum… 

Now i know where he inherit his annoying judgemental side from. My mom and his mom is totally not gonna get along well

nails done hair done toes done .. why you mad at me for shopping my nigga

Just cause my money running like Forrest gump, I got niggas hate me like I'm Donald trump #Dolph     

After very much recent angst and stress as a result of my gender, it is a relief to learn that my gender is:... 

TBH you're all really immature for changing your profiles. It's not even April fools yet. Where did you get the idea from anyway? YouTube?

I KNEW my ass should've stanned BAP I MISSED A CONCERT IN MY FUCKING CITY (im SICK ANYWAYS SO idfk) 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

#Trending #News What Is The Use Of Foreign Exchange Reserve?  #PhCity #Nigeria

Apparently announcement arrived 3 hrs AFTER it was sent . Convenient gremlin in the works??    

Sephora Debuts Largest Store in U.S. and It’s The Future of Beauty  

Check out this awesome deal on SM Salt and Pepper Grinder  Use SM303030 to save 30%  #Ad

every single "friend" i ever had already had their person they talk to everyday they had their best friend already and i was always left out

Bruh read the end point of your reply thread to me ..stop confusing yourself.. We have gone through this 

Due to imposed siege on #Yemen by #Saudi #Coalition, traditional fishing activity decreased by 75% #EndYemenSiege 

This is what I'll buy when I win the Lottery. Might even have to consider buying tickets... 

Marketing Day: Martech data, avoiding fake news on GDN #socialmedia #socialselling #sales  

100 years ago today... the U.S. entered World War I. #WWICentennial #WWI100 #kens5eyewitness Photo: The incredib… 

We're having a concern about the spin cycle. We really hate it. #bichon #strangegirl 

Found a Transponder Snail! Battle rages in Upper Yard! Shandians vs. "Kami"!  #TreCru 

Are you a communications college student looking for a flex schedule and SUPER FUN internship? Well, here ya go!… 

Tutties's Boutique and Collectibles Euclid, Ohio  #BuyBlack #BlackTwitter 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

You will be able to stay home, you will be able to plug in turn on and drop out, the conditioning will be televised 

I hate days when you wake up so fucking sad out of no where, it feels like you got gut punched. Why?

I'm just going to assume everyone is lying for 24hrs fucking cancer this place on April fools.

Hot! It's Not Easy Being a Bunny (Beginner Books(R)) ★★★★★:  

I wish you niggas learn to stop fw crazy bitches of you can't deal with come with ha ass !

The Same Pally she formed a Bond with Asked Her to Recite Nigerian National Anthem n she was Vexing. Interesting! #BBNaija! #Efe4TheOwojoor!

my mom texted while i was out n said she's sorry and she loves me and we can talk when i'm home for easter. l o fucking l

VIXX To Kick Off Comeback With Solo Concert For 5th Anniversary: VIXX is returning in May to…… 

Russia/Flynn/Freedom Caucus vortex of questions and tension  

Not so fast Seager! The Mariners' third baseman makes an error and it drives in a run. Saves Albert from a double play.

Now playing on Apache Ent Radio on Tunein app Featuring Maxminelli - Share My Drugs (Prod. By Austin On The Track)

Becky: *is pregnant* *rhetorically asks* "Have you guys ever tried to sleep with a watermelon in your pajamas?" Joey: "Yeah, once."

"his smile and optimism: gone" has been my Big Opinion on like every boss in this dlc mainly for the fact that theyre all damage sponges

I don't just miss the sex I also miss laughing and spending time with you. I miss being able to be my quirky self around you.

Sen. Coons: Flynn calls with Russia its 'very suspicious'  #defense #donaldtrump #flynncall #seemsverysuspicious

easymulch: GWmag: RT TheMontyDon: GW tonight - cordon apples, Lilies, cabbages and kings. 8.00 BBC 2.: easymulch: GWmag: RT TheMontyDon: G…

We only fail when we don't eat starbursts while "looking in back" and taking a 5 minute break. 

To acquire the habit of #reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.― W. So… 

Mourinho finished, completely past it, yet still above Wenger in the league and 6pts off the almighty Klopp with 2 games in hand.

how boring to see Varus and Ashe. Also Caitlyn and Jhin, these boring ass botlanes, where my ezreal and dravens at

Printable Luggage Tags #Baby #Birthday #D.I.Y.  |  

The DARK WORLD ChroniclesXXX: WHY can't this be TRUE!!! Just don't make a martyr... 

Sick shit right here   #PedoGate Child abuse can NOT BE NORMALIZED! Sorry sickos! 

Tell more people that you love them. You never know how much they might need it. - Chris Brogan #quote

This going to end badly for Obama White House...but at least they'll be spared spectacle of official being frog-mar… 

Damn dean just put Corbin to sleep. That Match Also Showed why It Was On Pre show. Boring as fuck

When you catch the universe pants down, i mean when you actually see the hands of God. You just start laughing.             No Secrets Baby

BETVICTOR-TOP DEAL Bet £10 and get £60 in FREE bets £30 Sports and £30 Casino bets, £60 FREE today JOIN HERE… 

Tell me what you're thinking If it's that damn bad then keep it to yourself

What if you were hit by a penny falling from a skyscraper? #The_Undertaker #LigaMX 

Pressure. Applied. Gushue with three rocks in tough places as Edin gets set to throw his last. #cbccurl

Delta to Launch Three Daily Flights Between Chicago and Seattle  

Even though we all know how fake Tom and LuAnn are, it’s really sickening seeing Ramona so hell bent on ruining it. #RHONY

rmbr after they won and antis came in like "why were they talking like they owned the stage do they have no respect"

FinancialTimes: Hornby shares rocket as first stage of turnround builds up steam 

The word “roof” evolved from the Old English, hrof, covering or shed. In modern English, it’s both a noun and a verb.

#LIVEVE AS9 Unisex 3 fold Color Umbrella set of 1 RANDOM COLOR AND DESIGN WHOLESALE 190… 

NEW: Arbor Hill Listings And Real Estate Report March 2017  #realestate #tallahassee… 

The Power, Promise and Controversy Of #AI Applications  

Michelle actually sang her second song much better than her first. It's just it was meant to be a duet, but it wasn't. #TheVoiceUK

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

Running is excellent exercise and a great hobby! Where is your favorite local place to get a run in? 

Was photographed for the news paper while I was on my lunch hour, so I guess you could say I'm getting pretty famous.

um so the only good thing happening for me right now is that season 2 of The Get Down is on netflix today

Wondering how to grow on twitter? I gained 2 followers in the past day. This is the app: 

+$200M invested at Ford plant in Windsor, Ont., by federal and provincial governments -  via 

YALL I JUST SPRINTED THROUGH THE NEIGHBOR HOOD IN MY FUCKING UNDERWEAR

Don't live by other's expectations. Cuz then are u actually living? Or just being guided? Take control.

All those tweeting about"I didn't vote for globalist"are extremely near sighted. This was for America. It was a strike not war #FireKushner

Democratic lawmaker nails why we shouldn't believe Trump's claims about why he's bombing Syria 

We're leading a discussion at this conference on women's leadership. Join us in Milwaukee April 23, Milwaukee... 

2 major green groups sue Trump and Pruitt for ignoring science and allowing use of #pesticide that damages kids' brains: 

#emu21 idk nothing about the drama and what not cause idfw nobody. But the food and the dorms trash asf. Campus lame just asf period  

You want to dig in your heels today and resist change, especia... More for Libra 

I represent the Poor coz I am Poor myself. Yourself you are a Rich White Man so shut up 

Kat POV anal fucked in Twisted Vision 

Disgusting. And niggas was in here laughing. 

This is one of the main problems we have today..to many act as though the Gov. is some unlimited money bank..they don't understand its them.

Another loving reminder: if your #Resistance omits people w/ disabilities and/or potentially fatal illnesses, it's falling short. Thank you.

Audio and video chat – premium plugin for peepmatches  

OH HELLL NAW JD DONE FUCKED UP 3 TIMES!!! #TheRapGame

Lyft driver is white and playing the most aggro dancehall music i have ever heard like got damn what the fuck doug

Greenland's Coastal Ice Caps Passed an Unprecedented Tipping Point, and None of Us Even Noticed 

Oh goddammit, Brontide have officially called it a day. Those two albums were absolute gold, really hoped they’d come back.

NigeriaNewsdesk: Nadal on track for Federer showdown as Sock downed  via todayng 

in case u have never been lucky enough to receive a Calais fam xmas card here's a quick preview 

Blac Chyna: Cashing In On Dream Kardashian ALREADY?!  

Uttar Pradesh: Man held for posing as slain cop on Facebook and slamming state government.. 

Fingers crossed that the roads are still too flooded and Dr. Singleton can't make it to teach College English

Emily's is so fucking annoying to watch a movie with. Bitch is either talking, making noise, or smacking, like fuck

8 Awesome Tips for Negotiating a Successful Internship  #business #digitalmarketing 

Must not eat the Easter Eggs in the cupboard Must not eat the Easter Eggs in the cupboard Must not eat the Easter Eggs in the cupboard

Ram Jethmalani bills Arvind Kejriwal Rs 3.42 crore over defamation suit, AAP wants Delhi taxpayers to pay 

You might end up in a heated exchange with someone close to yo... More for Scorpio 

lesbian: makes content abt lesbians for lesbians het woman: how can i subtly imply this is disgusting in a Progressive Way

I hate myself for being so fat and ugly, yet I m doing nothing abt it. Envy will not get me anywhere, I need to get my shit together and act!

If I Could Only Wear 1 Outfit for the Rest of My Life...  #fashion #lifestyle

Shadow IT is one of the biggest challenges IT faces - read more from me here 

 "In the history of the human race, those periods which later appeared as great have been the periods when the... 

New post (Downtown Cummins building lands first retail tenant | 2017-04-03 | ...) has been published on !nfini ...… 

You covet quality time spent with your circle of friends today... More for Cancer 

#Cryptopocalypse : Cryptopocalypse NOW 01 04 2016,0.0  

Do you like to be tied up and fucked over and over? — "I do" 

I used to go to clubs. But that was before college and my dad threatened to send me to the navy if I fucked around.

Omg just rec a Dm From a company saying their intrested in my eyes-andwant me to send some photos in,they're an optician company..wow!!

Right now the battle for fox entrails being staged between Snapchat stories and 18 Facebook products.

FINAL WARNING: Encino Man (1992) will be removed in the next couple of days!  #LastChance

i'm in malaysia.. but i can't see them bc of work.. how fucked up is that? :((        

Set up complete. Crew knocked it out the park this week. Course has never looked better.     

Better, stronger, faster! I am that man, The Six Million Dollar Man! #BILLIONAIRE 

Grassley is a damn liar and saying everything for the stupid #MAGA Supporters. Repubs #gaslight all gullible… 

#Yankees C Gary Sanchez left the game with a high wrist injury suffered on a foul ball. Hope he is okay.

Sugar prices fell for an eighth straight session Wednesday, marking their longest losing streak since September 2014 …

Although you may swing into action early in the day with high ... More for Sagittarius 

Illustration of Cassini Spacecraft's Grand Finale Dive via NASA  

“I look at each nominee. If they suck, I vote against them. If they’re worthy, I vote for them," she maintained.   … 

"It's like the new Scoobus Doobus but it's just Mickey Mouse abusing his dog and telling everyone to die."

Fort Lauderdale News Search Reviews (Deerfield woman facing death penalty after conviction for murdering ...) - 

fucking prostitutes in a cab 

You might end up in a heated exchange with someone close to yo... More for Scorpio 

#Fake #news exploded because there is a demand for this crap from a dumbed down populace 

I guess words are better than actions for the ones that like to here the fake "i love you's" .... Whateves i guess

Seriously have fired at least 100 shots and I don't like being outside when guns are being fired sorry

Good morning  Don't forget to drink your water, be positive, and let go of the things you can't change. Thank me later.

VOLCANO: European Current Research On Fluid and melt Inclusions - ECROFI 2017…  #volcano

Hacker News - Ask HN: Is there open source AI email assistant? To schedule meetings etc. 

"When you push a doo: "When you push a door that says pull and someone says 'you have to… 

when you mute someone for being too fucking self depreciating about their art and characters, gosh..

Haha, I embedded the link in the podcast post at least. This hillbilly can do 'dem fancy HTML codin' stuff.… 

Rick Scott Removes Prosecutor From Murder Cases After She Refused To Seek Death Penalty 

TOMORROW at 3, Steve welcomes an 11-yo prodigy who's already in college and has sung as a classical soloist at Carneg… 

Rhian Sugden confesses she's ready to QUIT topless Page 3 shoots: 'Time to put the bra on'  

ONE OF THESE FUCKERS HAS THE SAME VOICE AS THE THIEVES FROM THE BERSERK GAME 

Yours hole family seems very good and intelegent! We love hours cats and dogs and if they dont like it? go home the… 

And today my roommate is talking with this guy on the phone still while she showers. Jesus fucking Christ.

Hildergard von Bingen 1098 - 1179 German Benedictine Abbess, Writer, Composer, Philosopher, Christian Mystic, Visionary and Polymath.

#couples sex webcam teens fucking niggers tube 

Since the weather decided it wanted to be sunny today, why couldnt it have decided on that while I was walking to class in the pouring rain?

do you miss me like i miss you? Fucked around and got attached to you.  

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

New blog from Head of Inisoft discusses customer effort and loyalty. Learn more 

Somebody, Push me on a dick, please ! Let's have a chat -  

 Now listen heeya ma brethren. We all partake in questionable actions and doings. Confess to me, the good reverand…

Not many of us can imagine an honest and good man when they see someone sleeping on the street. At least not ...… 

Its FUCKING JEFF HARDY and MATT HARDY ITS HARDY BOYZ OMG! THERE HERE....   #Wrestlemania #HardyBoyz

There's one thing Jeremy Corbyn is better at than any other living politician 

Absolutely 100% not trusting anything anyone says today you could say "hey cool shoes" and I'd think it's a joke

Ok . Follow me if you wanna see my travels yo....#imbasic #selfpromotion #illprobdeleteitin2days 

Tickle yourself #pink with #OooLaLa , Shop the shade here:  

Great News, We Finally Know What Beyoncé and Jay Z Did For Their Anniversary Last Year — See The New Pics HERE!… 

Number crunching for the past day - 2 new followers and NO unfollowers. Stats via 

It's been a pleasure to get to know and work with some of the most impressive doctors in the nation. #HappyDoctorsDay

Sexual assault is no joke-1 in 3 women and 1 in 4 men experience #violence from their partners in their lifetimes. We… 

Ohio Family Killed In Car Crash Caused By Illegal Immigrant  #MAGA... by #DrMartyFox via… 

there is no such thing as a right-libertarian, he is a moron who doesn't know he really is a neoliberal.

If you want to keep your followers engaged and also save time throughout your day, RoundTeam is a great solution. 

He's ripping the support from the middle class and working poor, but hey - going after muslims and latinos is importa… 

Cyndaquil available until 02:13:31pm (26m 38s). Ember / Swift (91.1% - 15/12/14) 

The hotel offers one of the most spacious and well-appointed accommodations in the city. All rooms and suites... 

Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose. - Tom Krause #quote 

One Pot Dinner: Mediterranean Chicken Pilaf  via DesignMom

My dad, who voted for Trump, heard about the missile strike on Syria and said, "That is not what Trump campaigned on." Nobody is okay w this

My ex-dad wanted me dead. My divorced mom wantd me in college. She borrowed, got me Year 1. Rest up to me. I arrive… 

Cold by Maroon 5  #NowPlaying hell yea.,.,.. im in !

Dana and Ami are sticking fucking 

I guarantee Kavanaugh et al can come up with another $60M if they really, really want to. If they don't it was a bad deal to begin with

idt i've mentioned loona here but i've been looking out for them since 2016 and i think they're g/g to be my new faves !!! good

When we take care of our own, we all are happier Mark Rossi - Rhett Cady - Vincent Zullo 

Dionne Warwick TV SHOW / My Cushion! Dionne Warwick SOLID GOLD Show / My Cushion! Whitney Houston REST-IN-PEACE!... 

Guess who has 2 thumbs 8 fingers and a great roommate who is taking her to see Green Day on Saturday. This girl

Trade free follows 240x240 or less I don't go first liars get blocked and reported team up 30x30 tweet me  

How to Use #Twitter #Hashtags as a Prospecting Tool : Social Media Examiner > 

SEO How-to, Part 10: Redesigns, Migrations, URL Changes - Practical Ecommerce  #SEO #optimization

I base your interest in me off how well and fast you text back and if something interferes with that, how well you communicate that.

Your perceptions are sharp today and you can see past the obst... More for Pisces 

Can Semantic Differential mapping help upgrade American educational systems? #edtech #education… 

You're tired of being the responsible one, especially if you m... More for Scorpio 

I brought 2 conditioners into the shower instead of a shampoo and a conditioner so that's how my day has been

| Kissing away the week |    Babes, I just discovered and reviewed (on the blog) one my my… 

Walk through anyway!  #sarcoidosis #mentalhealth #purplepower #2017sarcoidosisawarenessmonth… 

What Expenses Qualify for the Foreign Housing Deduction or Exclusion? Read here --> 

RAW VIDEO WATCHING MAINE MENDOZA AT THE FAULKERSON'S PLACE PANOORIN  #DTBYStillTheOne #ALDUBxDTBYMovingOn

To attempt getting my nose pierced for the third time without getting fucked and someone loosing it and closing up or not to bother     

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Another hour! It's April 02, 2017 at 05:15PM  #fitness #entertainment #internet #model

Prop 8th ed changes 4 TandN clas of panc adenoca may B reproducible, stratifies patients more evenly across Ts w/o… 

at this point in time, i am actually doubting if kyungsoo is real bcs omg? he's aging.. backwards!?!??! 

wow  delu-lu  know damn well i was invited myself cus you know ion make plans  sicko 

Great excitement in #Cork for the U14 National #Basketball Championship Finals #Midleton Basketball Club won first… 

"Thou hast broken Rahab in pieces, as one that is slain; thou hast scattered thine enemies with thy strong arm." ~Psalms 89:10 #Bible

there's literally photographic proof that people of the government injected underprivileged people with syphilis. G… 

if no one will make some toku chase charms ill do it just fucking watch me

Sometimes wish I could fast forward like a year and see how I end up ....and to get away from a few things from last year

From exhaustion. Today would follow the sane pattern as the month had. She'd shower, grab water and train until she couldn't move. If she >

"Ninety percent of the politicians #give the other ten percent a #bad reputation." - Henry Kissinger… 

#Infiniti has pulled the covers off its QX80 concept ahead of the #NewYorkMotorShow:  

Roethlisberger plans to return in 2017   

Grim when you like something accidentally when scrolling, like what do you do? Unlike it or say fuck it and scroll on?

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

a REAL nigga gone be blunt from the jump and tell you what it is and let you decide if you wanna be apart of it . a lame nigga gone lie   

#BBnaija time to give out airtime to all bossnation.we are taking this. The dopest team ever. Tboss 4 the mula.

05 06 07 08 09 AUDI A4 L. CORNER/PARK LIGHT FOG-DRIVING BUMPER MOUNTED 272408  

Some People are so fucked up like how can you do someone so dirty??

#Gossip The 10 biggest European tech stories this week: Uber, Square, Picnic, and more  via… 

 Rename MainApp class to SLADEWxApp A start on refactoring MainApp to split the wx-related stuff out

Sex workers say a wave of john stings is making life more dangerous for them 

so i have a theory and i haven't yet finished 13rw but what if she didn't actually k*** herself what if it was a m*****?

...On the other, now there's a rumor that using one can actually get you on watchlists. Then again, I already use one for work, so...

DJ Sbu must release a statement telling us what's really inside the Mofaya cans, why does it smell more like Refreshhh Litch flavour?

Why Virtual Reality is disruptive by RiftingReality #virtualreality #tech  

US Family #Physicians - These exams are recognized in lieu of the LMCC: NBME, FLEX, USMLEs, and COMLEX. Details p5:… 

When you begin by suggesting that a top five player in the NBA is not a superstar, perhaps it is time for a new col… 

#DonRickles try this link.  if not i embeded it at the top of  .

Congratulations to our Year 7's who were crowned NORTH TYNESIDE LEAGUE WINNERS this evening    Churchill 4-1... 

Sick of being treated like a fucking doormat by everyone

Sad news today, R.I.P Dancing Ken. Wonderfully eccentric, selflessly philanthropic and fantastically colourful. Che… 

FT: #CeltaVigo 3-1 #LasPalmas Former Villarreal star Giuseppe Rossi scores a hatrick for Celta! Hope hes back for… 

Mark Hamill performing a terrible lip reading of 'The Force Awakens' is the 'Star Wars' movie you need 

my parents fucked my weekend so i cancelled their trip i'm paying for to mississippi for the family reunion   oh well

Lawyer: Officer fired for exchanging anti-Muslim texts  

i want someone to see galaxies in my eyes and hear music in my heartbeat , because that's all i ever saw and heard in you

Just in! We have recently added a 2015 Dodge Dart to our inventory. Check it out : 

How this bitch gon say jimins ugly when ha faves have dislocated jaws

The best way to eat steak is with a big Green salad. Read the blog:  

plz tell me y'all think that hannah's voice on 13 reasons why sounds JUST like amanda seyfried's on dear john

im omw to mari rn with sum canes and im so fucking hyped

#DavisCup tie between Portugal and Ukraine starts in less than two hours. Winner gets through to the World Group pl… 

St Petersburg Metro explosion: police suspect suicide bombing after at least 11 killed by underground blast 

Imagination Technologies has a taken a huge blow with Apple pretty much ditching them. You don't need that kind of negativity in yo life  

CBN Approves Operational License For Development Bank Of Nigeria  

This dude walked in the lab high as hell and just started writing his essay with a smile  get it gurrll

The couple have been spotted enjoying a cosy dinner during date night in New York:  

Amazing heat for both!! Maxime Chabloz win this heat with big trick, Christian Q Tio make it big to but miss... 

Durable LCD Display Touch Screen Glass Assembly for Google Nexus 7 1s 2012  

You're feeling a sense of professional pride today, stemming f... More for Scorpio 

I just wanted to take a moment in my day to thank Tidal for this exclusive content. It's the little things  ...

we discussed Babbitt in my class today and the extent to which composers' rhetoric controls our interpretations of their music. huh.

In case you need another reason to appreciate Chris Evans, allow him to make you “aww” with this story   

Mareep IV: 64.4% (7/9/13). Tackle/Body Slam. CP: 571 Expires: 18:30:45 (29m 7s). 

To Titus, my true son in our common faith: Grace and peace from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Savior. 

belarusian couple fucking at home 

As much as I hate his bitch ass, Draymond does deserve DPOY 

Pentax K100D Super w/ Quantaray 70-300mm and 80-200mm Lenses: Shutter Count 7707  

Our blessing and our curse is our collective amnesia, that we forget and need to be reminded. (A bit harsh on Bernie) 

#Femail - Duchess of Cambridge at National Portrait Gallery gala, The Duchess of Cambrid...  

Why doesn't the int. community take #Assad to the #haguecourt to be tried for war crimes? Why does #Trumprussia deflect by bombing #Syria

Here comes all the social media moms trying to give their two cents in how one should teach their kids!  i do it my way, so   #thedoor  

Life is like the sky – there are cloudy days but you know that sooner or later the sun will shine. KISSES AngSunshineNamin

Hanks and his wife also fucked over an Idaho contractor 

WATCH: Tom Herman has been given a sledgehammer to update Texas' locker room  

I wish i wasn't freaky. I say off the wall nasty shit and they think its weird.

neva hated bitxh i made it prolly why u niggas enn y me

Are you fucking kidding me 

The World is NOT Your Oyster: How to do Market Segmentation  

Be uniquely you. Stand out. Shine. Be colorful. The world needs your prismatic soul! KISSES GlitzAndGlam

fat women fucking men with strapon #car sex tgp 

Life Tips for Millennials When Choosing A Professional Path  

FUCKING HELP THOSE WHO NEED AND DESERVE THE HELP INSTEAD! No one seem to give a damn about Syria. 

Fucking hell. Still gutted for the loss of Mané tho. Irreplaceable player. #LFC

Reunited with these amazing women on exactly a year to the day of when we started our… 

Midori is a sweet, innocent boy who is so precious I just want to protect him please I love him so muc h

FREE from #iHerb ALLMAX Nutrition Caffeine 200 mg $9,99 OFF - Now FREE ! #RT #Vegan #Deals Discount applied cart… 

['The Music Lesson: A Spiritual Search for Growth Through Music']  #offer #off2017-04-01 06:01

You will always be are inspiration no matter what and i can see that all of us will always stay to support you and… 

The Boss (AKA Nugget) notes that we are currently looking for a few good peeps to join our 2017 Lake Raystown... 

Won't get change by pushing back with uninformed assumptions and wishful thinking. Real change will be the result of listening and learning.

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

happy bday mom! love you sm! i don't know what i'd do without you!thanks for being such an amazing friend and convi… 

Midday look at North/Central Alabama’s weather situation  

just stumbled upon a tumblr whos owner has a . sneeze kink. they get off on poeple sneezing? and being? sick? okay bro u do u

Composing video game music to build suspense, part 3: creepy clusters - by Winifred Phillips 

Have 25 minutes? Then          One Pot Cheesy Chicken and Broccoli Rice is your ticket to a dangerously delish dinner… 

Qualcomm outlined a wireless communications device that works to provide both internet connectivi... 

Final: Cardinals 4 Cubs 3. WP: STL S Oh (1-0) LP: CHC M Montgomery (0-1) (ESPN) 

Ran into Rosie today crazy. She lives out in San Francisco now. Looks like we'll be catching up soon  

my main ship.... I've just..... i've Heard Things. And I also expect things , I have trust issues and I Also Cant Read

ofcourse it'd be Better with chanyeol yixing and jongin there but as long as theyre all happy and taking care of themselves :DD

WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS MY FRIENDS AND WE'LL KEEP ON FIGHTING TILL THE END!!!Thanks to life messenger, Lee-Ann... 

Tough clash, but plenty of HIGHLIGHTS from tonight's match:  #IMAROOSTER #NRLRoostersManly 

college desi girl fucking boyfriend 

We're at a very hot and humid National Stadium in Male where the Blues are out for their pre-match warm up routines. #MAZvBFC #BluesInAsia

Silva, Delph, Kompany and the tunnel row all included in the highlights of Guardiola's press conference 

You have brains in your head. Your feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. ~Dr. Seuss

High Point, #NC - P and S Transportation - PS Transportation - Flatbed CDL - A - Driver ...  #DRIVING #GREENSBORO #JOB

Going to uni at this time in this unbearable weather I fucking hATE

Suddenly there's a new "standard" that the w3c has no say in because the vendors went behind its back to implement it despite objections.

Rihanna is just forever so damn bad bro   

BECAUSE HE ALERTED RUSSIA AHEAD OF TIME, JESUS CHRIST DO I HAVE TO SPELL IT OUT FOR ALL OF YOU, YOU FUCKING CREDULO… 

[Yahoo News] Elizabeth Thomas Case Is A Kidnapping, Not A Romance: Authorities 

This what them crazy hood niggas say     but I'm deadass   ‍ 

Uninspired to draw, uninspired to take photographs. Man, what is wrong with me? I used to be creative. I need the inspiration...

You may lose your sense of purpose, only to uncover a more mea... More for Sagittarius 

All in the shower isn't allowed in the mountains.. Or gets the soo'ah of the darr.. Use a sword of your God to undo that .,

"Amazon Will Stream N.F.L.’s Thursday Night Games" by NICK WINGFIELD via NYT 

#drunk passed out fucking sex with tribal women 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

You want the ability to be free from other people's demands to... More for Aquarius 

The challenges of making films in Virtual Reality by RiftingReality #virtualreality #tech  

Wrong call.war at this time is not the answer.Wake the hell up.Don't be a dumbot!! 

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

American golf fans are complete assholes, can you imagine watching Dembele having a shot at Celtic Park and shouting "Get in the goal" !

Judge to Trump: No protection for speech inciting violence |  Oh, YES? Open that can of worms. Soros will go broke.

Get top quality legal help from our hard working attorneys for your DUI case.  

If you are into the outdoors and survival check this out!  

Sean Spicer White House Press Briefing – March 31st 2017…  

Build ISA_12.01_CI_20170401.1 succeeded for Building Solutions in 8 minutes #TFS #Construction #ContinousIntegration

Bloody hell watching City not good for ur blood pressure.

BREAKING : GOP Rep Says Susan Rice Should Face a Criminal Investigation  

SAC 50 MIN 53 Q2 3:01 Georgios Papagiannis shooting foul (Karl-Anthony Towns draws the foul) P:13 R:2 A:0 S:1 B:0 T:3 FD:14.4 DK:16.5

Funny Confession Ecard: I want to like your Facebook status, but your spelling is horrible and I don 

All this stuff about you idiot   

A customer at work disrespected our pharmacist and spoke very rude to her and as usual, boss defended customer. I can't wait to quit.

7 Creative Stunts People Used to Land Their Marketing Dream Jobs  If you want a creative … 

Fucking clowns!!!! ORIGI MOTHERFUCKER!!! I HATE YOU.

frances is so fucking deluded he thinks moving forwards and then backwards is non-linear. also he thinks history mo… 

This #BBW #babe loves being #fucked! The harder the better!       >>  << 

There's just 1 HOUR to go until some of the best voices in the country hit your screen. #TheVoiceSA 

Greek Roasted Chicken and Tomatoes. I love the idea of simplifying dinner by only using one pan RECIPE:... 

$2 billion startup GitHub has officially won over Microsoft  

Wow! I just entered for a chance to win "5 Gallon/20L Portable Water Carrier Bag,Colla..." by SUNDERPOWER.  #giveaway

Wind 0.0 mph ---. Barometer 1004.2 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 11.2 °C. Rain today 0.3 mm. Humidity 76%

Participating in a group, whether with friends or family, is a... More for Pisces 

Secrets Behind Kendall Jenner and Harry Styles’ Island...  #KendallJenner 

The spin could be - the BI personnel who called in sick or resigned were all hired by the previous administration. 

Skratch Fruit Drops Energy Chews – Nutrition Boost Performance?  

There is a method to your madness as you attempt to keep every... More for Leo 

You would think being unemployed, single, car-less or some other shit would depress me. No. It's school. Always has been, always will be.

Champions are getting ready to #RunIbadan !! Let the countdown begin!! 7 days to the #IBCityMarathon2017… 

LEAKER WAS 'VERY HIGH UP' Source: Intel official who 'unmasked' Trump associates is 'very senior' 

Amnesty International protests El Chapo's 'harsh' prison conditions via /r/worldnews 

03-31 NEW YORK CITY, NY - MAY 14: Ano Okera and Walter Greene... #anoporoia  #anoporoia

What did Russians do again? Spill salad dressing on voting machines? We're waiting for hard evidence. These are not… 

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

Event? Festival Organization Cause Music Entertainment?  Social N has a SPECIAL Even Better than Our Calendar!!

Good evening #Khartoum! Sun will set in 30 minutes (local time 19:02) #Sunset #Photo #Photography [03.04.2017]

This is a great listen, fascinating hear about the psychology of professional sportsmen and being under pressure! 

Trump was surveilled by Obama admin for a YEAR before inauguration  IS THERE ANY CRIMINAL ACT THE DEMOCRATS WO'NT DO

The first week of early voting bodes well for Democrat Jon Ossoff  by #HuffingtonPost via… 

Thank you, someone who gets it   it annoys me when black LGBT members feel the need to fight for sexuality first, a… 

I don't see it but fuck I'll take that compliment she sooooo bad

How Maersk Line Became A Social Media Powerhouse  #digitalmarketing #personalbranding

Best feeling is when you know you're gonna wake up on your birthday with your bestfriend right by your side  

Guys!! Some little girls thought I was a princess. However, I played along and played with them and they were so happy. Oh my heart  

saneprogressive: KateChick62 down on ACTIONS of sheep herding, lying about Russia election interference to cover Dem fraud, votes for Trump…

Obama Syria Policies Scuttled Regime Change, White House Says | RealClearPolitics 

We've got a new paper on simulation and predictability of rain on snow events and flooding in the Pyrenees.… 

 escort #massagerotic She has nice tits! See more: She has nice tits! See… masseuse naturist… 

I see I am not that interesting to you guys. I think it is a good idea to connect and get to know the people who are asking for #donations

 Looking Back...At Last Year.   My Annual Tradition.   and The Price Of A Memory Is The Memory… 

I’ve just signed the #TreeCharter and planted a #tree. Shape history, add your name and #StandUpForTrees 

Cameron Dallas with fans today shooting for Dolce and Gabbana in Palermo, Italy 

Boring People, Fucking Grays SiM #なうプレ #NowPlaying

love the type of people I can have three different convos w on three different apps at the same time 

To anybody else that found that fucking crater on Parkland way may your car Rest In Peace. #Godblessthebrokenroad

porn movie sex scenes #ugly readhead fucked 

Omastar 24% (11/0/0) (Mud Shot and Ancient Power) until 15:51:09 (29m 47s).

My house has a virus again. But there’s no patch yet.  #calmtech #iot 

5 NFL trades that need to happen before the draft - No Galloping Chicken! #PatsNation 

Wir suchen: IT Support Specialist/Helpdesk (m/w) in Berlin #Software #Entwicklung #*Support* #MSOffice 

gemmes clash of clans clash of clans online --->  #howtohackclashofclansforgems… 

I just don't get how they think it's okay to just smoke all day and do nothing   ‍I guess they job is blowing smoke in the camera   ‍

#MarchForChange #ZumaMustFall Supporters hold up SA flags and anti-Zuma posters at Mary… 

a mad bitch ain't gone stop me from getting my check. mad bitches link tf up.

Trump Tries to Deflect Russia Scrutiny, Citing 'Crooked Scheme' by Obama - New York Times 

Don't miss out on a chance to win a Spring/Summer2017 CW-X Outfit! All you have to do is submit a short clip or vi…… 

I'd be a lot less knackered tonight if those 2 mental pussy cats hadn't torn the crap out of each other in my back garden last night.

Sleeping​ on a mattress on the floor, giving my cat a final cuddle before the big day tomorrow  . #movingday

You look darling!!   So nice meeting you!! Thanks for supporting us! <EMOJI>️  <EMOJI>️ 

If the way you want there to be less poor kids is for poor people to stop having kids and not the redistribution of wealth, you are evil

ALWAYS IN MY HEART 3M IS MY DREAM FOLLOW OUR DREAMS, NOT HIM DREAMS. Fucking nuggets #AIMHTO3MILLON

So Jesus got totured and died for you and yall STILL handing over your problems to him to fix? Jesus like, I... 

74% of men say THEY WOULD HAVE AN AFFAIR if they didn’t get caught!  only for #adults 

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

Young Amateur Girls perform at their cams. Enter my profile page to watch them all free #camgirls #camgirl #livecam 

Tomorrow you’re gonna have to live with the things you say, you’ll have to cross bridges that you burned today... <EMOJI>️ 

Grands Prix-style events on English roads get go-ahead  #BetikaKenya 

Anyone see any parallels going on with our government? It's not the crime, It's the cover-up! 

Tillerson is a deer caught in the headlights. He needs to get a strategy quickly!#AtSyriaStrikes 

If y'all don't have people who don't care the shit out of you because you're sick, I feel sorry for you. Im blessed… 

Manchester United vs Everton 1 1 ALL GOALS AND HIGHLIGHTS 04 04 2017 HD YouTube 

Really interesting NCG split between Pomeroy and the big boards. KenPom says Zags win by 4, UNC a -2 favourite.

DON’T COME IN!! *mom opens door and you’re playing with pokemon, except they're real* HOW MUCH OF THE TRUTH ARE YOU READY TO HEAR MOM

i hate my cancer moon ass she always makes me fall for scorpios or people with a lot of scorpio influence im tired… 

Imagine ur whole family whipped out at the same time. At the hands of the man whose suooosed to lead our world

The audience this year is projected to grow by 25 percent. Last year the audience grew by 300 percent. 

I hope my partner and I are the best fucking parents in the world no matter what because nothing should be more important than your kids.

Chelsea are the Vladimir Klitschko of football and I am fucking sick of Klitschko

how not to get distracted by these fucking thoughts

Randy Orton and can feud with Bray Wyatt and then feud with The Miz and Miz can take the belt off of Orton. Talk about a feud.

Microsoft Xbox One S Battlefield 1 Bundle 500GB White Console in Video Games and Consoles, Video Game Consoles | eBa… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive shots of Skypiea's "Kami," Eneru!  #TreCru 

 Black and White Rabbit found in Norden (OL11) on 3rd April 2017 #foundrabbits #foundpets 

I'm watching GM interviews and FUCK WHY IS HE GONE , WHY?!?!?!?!?!?! 

Bad part about taking trips with ya homie is all he gotta say is lets slide out ya jump but ya bitch been waiting on a vacay about a year na

Person: Pfft, hell doesn't exist! Me: (With poison ivy) Oh have i got a story for you

all i need is... a little love... a hug. a sign that someone still cares. a sign that God is still here .. right now   

Successful #publicspeaking begins with preparation.  #toastmasters #Presentation

Driving around hunting pokémon, reading smut, and eating junk food while enjoying the lovely sunshine  

Sky's just shot an invisible man and almost shit on guy w/ Kinetic FTW Jesus that would hv been nasty

girls wonder why we hate them lets see Ur ignorant Ur a bitch and um... i just don't like u

Forgetting to pack a sports bra for the gym is the fucking worst  

Couldn't put it any better. But we will get to the bottom of this. #KuresoiDarkSecret 

Been dragged and tossed a handful of y'all bitches in the dump . Washed my hands years ago     ‍

At joy we must be 12 members When we grieve we must be 12 members _SUHO_ #5YearswithEXO 

A kiosk woman tried to scam me to buy $200 skin cream. Lady, I worked at Lush...I know all the tricks.

Literally just chased my dog for 15 fucking minutes because my gram let him out   

#mom and son taboo sex prono fucking 

Animation wise Teen Titans was probably one of the weaker films but it was definately a fun watch. 

#msnbc How to implode a pathological, narcissist? Stop paying attention to him, don't take tweets seriously and laugh at his stupidity.

I was hit by the sudden realization that I maybe don't really mind Shion-Negi-Pyon doing weird things so long as they stay...

I fuckin hate this nigga ! 

Hello people in USA, #UK, #Canada, and elsewhere! Enjoy this movie:  

It Truly Makes Yu Wonder If The World Has Always Been This Fucked Up Or We Just Didnt Know/ Notice Bc We Were Kids  

"Cash out" could have been the perfect follow up single to "gangster shit"   the vibes of the 2 songs so alike  

American people to have this a candidate would have to shield your face. And there should not your face. And there are

i'm rlly over and done w/putting in effort w/anyone who doesn't do the same for me so pls don't text my phone saying "u changed" when ukno why

Hott Brunette Teases and Gets Fucked 

from under the cork tree // fall out boy -sugar, we're goin down -nobody puts baby in a corner -i've got a dark all… 

I just legit hate that shit like I can't fucking be there for you if you not telling me you need me to fucking be there

Tbh. I LOVE when girls come to me asking for makeup tips, ask me to do their makeup, etc. then go on hereandtalk shit about cake faced girls  

April 4, 2017 at 11:22AM Tritech Sells Gemini 720is to STR  Subsea Technology and Rentals Ltd (STR) has purchased Tri…

...The Revival is here! It's not about The Booty-O's or pops, because the #TopGuys are here on #RAW! #RAWafterMania

Although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin... More for Capricorn 

One of the greatest jokes in all of Harry Potter is when the Fat Lady changes the password to "abstinence" in Half Blood Prince. Kills me.

supposed to see my man tomorrow but my fucking mouth hurt so damn bad I just wanna lay in bed all weekend  

#KnowTheMan#who knw zist of all holy Scriptures#how to change ur destiny#how to a abolish ur miseries by god blessing and get blessed.

give him the fucking nuggets hes never gonna get 18 million drop it already 

It fills me with money but it does not fill my fucking bag.

Being need of a breakdown but telling yourself you don't have time for it is about the worst position to be in.

MHS women's soccer: Megan Woody volley shot, Goa!!! 3-0: Megan Woody volley shot, Goa!!! 3-0… 

Swear to god, they're the same people that objectify women and reify rape culture/misogyny. More importantly, Y do they feel so threatened?

Geelong lead by 3pts at HT Leading Disposals GEE - P.Dangerfield 15 MEL - N.Jones 16 #AFL #AFLCatsDees

We do fun things here at Paroba College. #CatMakeup #SpecialEffectsMakeup #BeautySchool   

Why does Gambia's first post-Jammeh vote matter? -  #news #tintuc24honline 

nct antis are stupid whores who should hang themselves nct BREATHED

Must say i think it sick as fuck talking food with a person. Book a restaurant darling

YouTube removes ads from channels with less than 10k views  #ElSalvador 

Guy Tells Big Narstie "Her Dad Beat Me Up/ My Boys Girl Gave Me Head" [Uncle Pain] 

They expect us to give them respect   got me fucked up my nigga you buggin

Everyone in 13 reasons is fucking dumb why did i watch this when i knew i hated the book 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

 BANG Gonzo: Valentina Nappi Gets Intense Anal Pounding Length: 11:45 Keywords: anal big t… 

Kinda hate that it snowed but aye I don't got work today so I'm fucking with it  

my love for this song started when I saw this really cute happy vine of tj hammond 

It's fitting that my brother was born on #aprilfoolsday because he's been pulling pranks on me all my life. Happy… 

204 new followers in the last week and it is more than just stats, I use it for growing my account! Try it 

I've seen placemats under phones, the really tacky ones, look less shiny and w/ less tassle   

The #complexity of #cancer and other Big Problems has been beyond the tools and capabilities we have been utilizing. 

#Beatles Ringo Starr Sentimental Journey 1970 Original Apple SW 3365 NM-  #Best #Ringo 

My Houzz: Cozy and Eclectic Updates in Salt Lake City Check out this story from houzz - 

Nos Prochaines Vidéos Show Me the Way - Peter Frampton Unchained Melody – The Righteous Brothers Visiter… 

It’s okay if I’m not your favorite chapter you have written, but I hope you sometimes smile when you flip back to the pages I was apart of.

+ other of his siblings were here. He growled softly but not loud enough for them to actually hear. Maybe I need to walk around and get +

Khanani imprisond for 68 mnths in US on money laundering  When arrested in Khi with all data PPP RMalik dealt freedom

UI ASUU declares one-week warning strike over illegal deductions in salaries Two days after the… 

how they get all these grown celebs and these young half celebs in this movie and it still aint go no where

_grammar_ : To pauljac3_, it would have been better if you had tweeted “hello I am [here] for help” instead. I ‘he… 

Chinese Grand Prix: Hamilton calls for race weekend changes after Shanghai cancellation  

New York Life: Bilingual (Spanish) Sales Manager - Series 6 or 7 Required - Austin #austinjobs 

[The Jackson Sun] Three questions with Memphis running back Tony Pollard  #TigerNation #GoTigersGo

^#BBNaija: Nigerians come for TBoss' sister for insinuating that Nigerians are racist 

'#PrisonBreak' Season 5 Spoilers: Lincoln Burrows To Romance New Girlfriend #PrisonBreak #PrisonBreak #PrisonBreak 

Yeah!! Rein jealousy! Refrain from breathing and please DIE!!! Just do it dev dixit!!! Give peace to saheli!! Pulee… 

When's netflix gonna stop fucking around and add every season of spongebob

Found a Transponder Snail! Battle rages in Upper Yard! Shandians vs. "Kami"!  #TreCru 

Submit a comment urging Nebraska to consider climate impacts and oppose the permit for Keystone XL. #NoKXL 

Compilation of Step Brothers fucking their Sisters 

NYT’s Maggie Haberman on Trump’s Russia denials: ‘He is punching at ghosts and hitting himself in the face’ 

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

ALSO THIS: your feminism is only feminism if it's intersectional !! #EqualPayDay2017 

Singing "As long as YOU'RE in control, it will work out for me"     this song is so on time.......yess God!!!!!!!!!!!

New director added to our website. It is Leonard Roy Satchell.  #PAMPISFORD #PROPERTIES #LEONARD

#STILLS: Betty, Alice, Jughead, Mary y Fred en el 1x10: "The Lost Weekend" de #Riverdale.      

The GOP may control our govt, but the Majority voted against Trump. We need to mobilize our majority and take our country back. #trumprussia

So proud of what President Trump did by striking Syria after the chemical attack the other day on so many civilians.

Last day to make this a reality- Don't be fooled by the countdown, every donation still makes a HUGE difference!… 

Visiting #cinqueterre? Make sure not to miss #monterosso!  #loveitaly 

Closed Sell 1.0 Lots EURUSD 1.06641 for +10.1 pips, total for today +645.9 pips #CurrencyTrading #FXTrading #Investment

Accidentally got hit in the face yesterday; my cheek and eye are fucking killing

Favourite Dustin Johnson may be out of the Masters after he injured his back falling down the stairs today of his rented home in Augusta.

she's so passionate about helping immigrants, always trying to make this world better. she's amazing wow 

I'm not worried about this stupid Kendall Jenner ad. Never watched, never will. Get a life, STAT. For fucks sake.

Sade in the sweetest taboo music video: They done Fucked Up In Gave Me A Horse

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

Exactly. The only substance we got regarding policy is: he's a flexible guy and they crossed a red line. #morningjoe 

Me after #TheWalkingDead finale          and now we wait until the next season 

it's nobody's fault, got6 were too tired to react quickly n i think JS was tired n feeling left out aft coming bk from break so he reacted

thought about this long and hard. rooting for unc tonight. why would i want another smaller bball school to win a title. boo

Saturday Chicago-area hydrologic river stages and Flood Warnings/Advisories - 

Is Your #SEO Strategy Failing? Here's How to Structure a Perfectly Optimised Web Page:  

I just wanna graduate and get THE FUCK out of here!!!

....ok, someone SPEAKS FOR YOU and says 'this woman is "strong capable woman". Does that make YOU a 'weak incapable one'?

T6 | Let's recap McConnell's trip around the bases: • Wild pitch • Balk • Wild pitch NU leads Towson, 6-1. #GoNU

The Robot can tell the price movements in the next few seconds, that's why it's easy to win much money very fast. 

I used to really want her and justin timberlake's culture vulture ass to be together   

    Rep. Swalwell Clap   backed   to critic...too f'ng funny This made my morning   so far.... 

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive Profile: Those who follow their dreams!  #TreCru 

Production Assembly Staff - Banbury £17,000 - Banbury, Oxfordshire - SOS Recruitment #manufacturing 

Youth Boys Medium 10-12 Under Armour Nike Shorts T-shirts Tops Hoodie Outfit Lot  

1958 Press Photo Albie Pearson of the Washington-Senators winners of the Basebal  

A1 it will be interesting to use Pearsonrealize for quick formative assessments instead of building my own #h4tchat

---each other’s hand very tight and again we started waking and while we were walking I said “let’s French kiss” and we did again ---

Like what I said earlier, San Pedro will always be the best section for me. Thankyou and Iloveyou always guys 

Sometimes I get really sad about the way I look and then other times I drink too much rum and take pictures before… 

There are lots of things to do around the house and you can't ... More for Pisces 

Guys always lookin for a relationship with me like if I wanted to be with you it would`ve been clear stop forcing shit with me .... 

".... Chicken Abobo......." (Fall Out Boy Live in Manila 2013) AND THIS ICONIC CHICKEN ABOBO VID I TOOK 

AAAAAAAAHHHHH FUCK YEAH!!!!!! #InvaderZim VUELVE!!!!! 

"20 Signs Of Romance That Prove You Are Special To Him, Even If He Doesn't Say It Loud! 

I really appreciate how people in college are like "aww that sucks" when something sucky happens instead of the high school "lol niceee"

+Office Sex Tales: The Office Party Extraordinaire Part 4 - Pussy flooded with juices and my cock splashed 

#Gorsuch GOP planned to go nuclear this this time or the next why wait 2 stand against a candidate appointed by a POTUS under investigation

Worship is more of adoration PPSingers #ThanksgivingFriday with osasT via 

Russia's Putin, during summit in Finland, denies allegations that Russia interfered in U.S. presidential election… 

The dead laid out all over the battlefield on the trip to Valhalla, the screaming bird tore at the flesh, death is indeed no stranger Danger

>When your pawns blow up some barrels next to the pack mule for the hydra head so you down poison to force them to heal it

This was our house after watching wrestling or any kind of kung fu. Mike Donnici Patty Foote-Donnici Mitchell... 

vavvo: mercedesbenzodiazepine: I love locking my door like…you’re not coming in lmfao This post is... 

"All the martial law protests, Nanay Soling was there. She was like the mother of the activists here because she... 

State Ministry of Justice spokesman Ken Evans underscored outlines of racial views, ransom and polls within the funds.

Wedgewood Blue Enamel Circle Pendant Blue Round Disc Necklace Boho Jewellery Copper and..  

Jurgen Klopp and Ronald Koeman call for axing of international friendlies ahead of derby 

President Trump is right in retaliating to Assad forces for them gassing kids. Now, US - Russia reset is almost certainly dead.

4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Who else is like this: I don't want to go to bed ever again, but when I finally do I wake up and I don't want to leave bed ever again.

One of my daily victories is to make sure that I limit the amount of politics/political news that I see and hear.

Dario 32 and 10 and didn't even get a card. Fucking 83 emerald.

Goldenhand is so good I might die tbh. I thought it was gonna be this epic thing but it's mostly just been Extremely Cute

Get ready for this REVIVAL WEEKEND!! Join us for I Am Remnant as we touch Heaven and experience an incredible... 

Long-serving Pakistan batsman and former captain Younis Khan on Saturday announced that he will retire from intern…… 

1/Sean Spicer still has the balls to stand up there and preach about civil liberties and privacy of US Citizens. Are you fucking kidding me?

Confused ideologies are worse. You can see shades but never the true colour. Horrible 

Wawuuu! First Bank turned up on #KeepTheChangeBae. This is interesting! #5kBae. WehDoneFirstBank #YouFirst 

2:00 PM Temp: 78.3°F Dew: 57.6°F Wind: 3.0 mph Rain: 0.00 in. #gawx  

You don't want to be a role model? Too bad, you are. Eyes, especially little ones, are watching your every move.

Jeff also sent me a goodnight message last night saying and I quote "let me know when you get home with the cockroaches from my flat"

At Waffle House with Mom We get our food She pulls out a bottle of Texas Pete and says "I got hot sauce in my bag" I'm done. I'm leaving

Just saw someone call the UNC academic scandal the "most egregious fraud in the history of American sports" Hahaha. Can't make this stuff up

#Phoenix #arizona I will be performing here to support the    Water Crisis back in… 

I told my friend that i cracked my phone screen really bad and she said to show her AND I TOOK A FUCKING SCREENSHOT AND SENT IT LIKE A DUMBASS

Your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you... More for Gemini 

I retrieved the Mystic Knot from a tower of legend in the Celtic Coast!  

Keep your brow game strong with #Arbonne! Enter to win a Shape It Up makeup prize package at #FeistyFrugal! 

White nationalists' latest tactic to recruit college students: paper flyers and tape 

Me three. Congratulations to Sarah Harrison for her vision. "If we can believe it, we can achieve it." (Jesse... 

#tag #milf kitchener #bdsm #amateurporn uk_sex #richmond #liveshow fucking #animation 

#gujrathi girls fucking picture kate ground's pussy 

Coventry at Wembley and my sister pipes up with "wish I was there" as if she's a fucking ultra and wouldn't spend 90 mins eating pies.

Think Wine Is Food  Never thought of it that way. Yes to add ingredients to bottles. The future

Van Gaal hails ‘fantastic’ return of Luke Shaw... #LukeShaw  #LukeShaw 

singing bc that's how i found out about her I vote for #SabrinaCarpenter "On Purpose" #XOXO 

ok the last time I did have the money but they was literally holding my order so I told them to cancel it bc

Cheating Mom Fucked In Both Holes 

boi: i thought i was gonna die. i was a wreck the whole day. my life was almost ruined forever bc i fucked up a heelys trick

Proton beam power boosted with pulsed lasers, promising better proton therapies 

Trump's War On Climate Science Is A War On The Poor And People Of Colour  #maga… 

Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner Still Benefiting From Business Empire, Filings Show - New York Times: New York…… 

My Slut Wife Fucking Stranger from Online 

Wow. This is great. So fresh and so good. - Drinking a Double Dry Hopped Summer Street -  #photo

Visit Booth 1644 and learn about our new V(D)J Solution for identifying paired T-cell transcripts from 100s to millions of lymphocytes #AACR17

"When you're given immunity that means you've probably committed a crime." - Mike Flynn #LockHimUp 

xxxAnius fucking kax cum on me lick mexxx 

Apple iPod Touch 5th Generation Silver Black (16 GB) A1509 ME643LL/A NO RESERVE!  

Excellent Employment Opportunity for a Gastroenterologist at... (LA Job) 

And on top of that, niggas who used to talk about me or bulky me growing up always try to fuck with me now   ‍ fuck onnn!

You bitches drop out with ya friends then go to spreadin secrets. That's why I tell NOBODY my business.

Flipping Virgins  episode 2.2 the couple are idiots the lady is stupid you're there for the money

Tourist fucked Muslim woman in hijab 

Data Breaches, Compromised Credentials, and Ransomware are Among CIOs and CTOs Top Concerns: New IEEE…  #infosec

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

May your life be filled with happiness on this pious festival of Navratri, #Happy Navratri #Pari__ 

In Macedonia, Shutka is a rare outpost of Roma autonomy and security  

Why I begged Apostle Suleman – Stephanie Otobo’s mother  

Milan fans on Instagram are idiots 

 "Gee, I WONder who ( ) aided in THIS type of behavior?" Online Trolling By Hate Groups Surges, Activists Fight Back 

These are the cosmic waves you've been waiting for, so grab yo... More for Aries 

After not getting to watch the game last night and skipping class and driving to STL just for it to get cancelled 

You have the possibility to know who visits your profile with this simple app 

i like how they had the guy dap with a pepsi can, and hit them folks when everyone was cheering. 

I thought Mmusi Maimane had been gymming with Rocky meanwhile bulletproof vest   

The only way to help this man in his deep, unfathomable grief is to stop all this madness on every level!! 

Wall Street Journal: Mike Flynn tells FBI, Congress he'll testify in exchange for immunity  

Raw Music: DannyDre – Ring Alarm Ft Henry knight (prod by Wilfresh) Cc…  

you create an A story and drastically changed it to a B story which aka you fucked up

Yo real I'd like to give a shout out to all of my Black brothers who try to make a conscious effort to respect and understand woman issues

I hope tomorrow goes well, and I don't get any more disappointments from people who back down at the very last minute.  Lordt!

No nation deserves having Trump as president and Mike Pence as vice.. Maybe the nation of fugggin hell 

Cassandra Fucked In A Threesome -  #sex #porn #pornvideo

TheZumbaSisters : Every affiliate marketer ought to see this: This is absolutely Amazing!  

Trump Says Susan Rice Likely Committed A Crime In Unmasking Scandal -  $BTC #fintech #crypto #blockchain

Welsh football fans on twitter are fucking gimps. Neil Taylor's tackle was attempted murder, he should defo face disciplinary proceedings

Romo fucked over the Texans on the way out                     

Daily_Express: Soldiers face jail after posting X-rated and 'degrading' pictures of naked women #Army … 

What a great start to #VIVOIPL! It’s not just a #PerfectSelfie, it’s YOU. #VIVOIPLEdition  

I understand. My husband is native, some thinks he's Latino. We had a trip to Mexico and cancelled. I was worried h… 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Our hours are: Monday 8:30 am – 5:30 pm Tuesday 8:30 am – 5:30 pm Wednesday 8:30 am – 5:30 pm Thursday 10:00 am... 

Where will you be 30 days from now? #Challenge #Equestrian #Horse  

I just want a friend that will hype me up, even though we both know damn well I look ugly af.

I'm afraid ～. I'm afraid I can't. I'm afraid not. I'm afraid I have to go. I'm afraid I broke my leg. I'm afraid my English is n #英会話

Tea For Two wins the #Aintree Bowl from Cue Card. What a performance!   

Slave saviours: the men risking their lives to free brick workers in Dagestan 

Check the box and more importantly tell your family this is what you want!! #BeADonor #1Saves8 #TGLN #GiftOfLife… 

#Kashmir China sets rules on beards, veils to combat extremism in Xinjiang  

this is fucking disgusting that you think non binary people are mentally ill 

#infosec ClearEnergy ransomware aim to destroy process automation logics in critical infrastructure, SCADA and ... 

Tasering your spouse? Stripping weather girl? betting your wife or house?Read about strangest bets in sports bettin… 

  Download update! Juli�n Brandt has his opinion about a transfer to Liverpool   

Why would anyone want all of nct to be one unit?? Less screentime, less output, fewer promotion periods...lol. No thanks.

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > Share and sawer.  

T1 | GS's Raley induces a double play ball with bases loaded to escape further damage and end the inning. LA 2, GS 0 #GeauxCajuns

Fuck her pussy fast and furious! Naughty chicks want more! Signup here!  

Has "Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd" spoken with FBI lately..hows that investigation going now that comeys no longer the boss? #SurveillanceScandal

You guys don't understand. When I was a kid I wanted to BE Jeff Hardy. As an adult I still want to be Jeff Hardy. #RAWaftermania

$EMC  Pot. cont. Uptrend INTRAWEEK 60m-15m-4m combo chart #trading #stocks 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

I can fucking cook food on that body      

Spent half the day at Sky HQ today and the other half at BBC Broadcasting House- all thanks to the amazing opportunities offered by #MamaYouth

I want to buy a keyboard and electric guitar and I'm gonna be a one man band called "the party pies"

Thank you very much, Jackie! I sincerely appreciate that awesome compliment on my photos. Cheers to you! Oh, and we… 

Under Trump The Future Of Fiduciary Rule Is Uncertain As DOL Delays Rule: Under President Trump the future of the… 

Financial limitations can drag their negative consequences int... More for Gemini 

me getting ready to catch some feelings even though I know damn well I shouldn't  <EMOJI>️ 

NEW Confidence in an Eye Cream from IT Cosmetics is your must-have for brighter, younger-looking eyes! #entry -… 

#Aleshanee Guess who's online  #WhiteFemale    #HotBod Come 

Trump needs to stop tweeting on Flynn and shut up. He started this mess looking for a way that find something on Obama. How that working

1) No hardhats. 2) No safety harnessses. 3) No reflective gear. 4) Those look like collared shirts. 

measles outbreak in EU as vaccinations fall - National | Globalnews.ca BS new ppl not vacc blame Trump? Citizens?  

is going to a place where I'm skinny, rich and can beat the living daylights out of anyone that messes with me! Night, night!

#MLB 2008 Upper Deck SP Legendary Cuts Stardom Memorabilia #AG #AlexGordon  #Royals 

For many more remarkably motivating quotes make certain to visit this url =>    #workouts… 

Blastoise with IV: 66.7, Moves: Bite,Flash Cannon until 01:39:13am (29m 27s) at 

Looking for an international kitchen serving delicious local products? Our 57 Restaurant and Lounge by #MeliáVienna i… 

'The Ultimate' just started trending with 38770 tweets. More trends at  #trndnl

This world is a fucked up place. I'm speechless. I don't understand how anyone can be this hateful and evil. 

Who will rule the HAIRDOM this month of March? vote for #MissKanekalonHairStylistOfTheMonth here --> 

All maintenance, housekeeping and kitchen staffers: here's what you can do to reduce aches and pains at your health… 

Take my a shot at predicting the #Bengals first two draft days with an interesting local tie. 

mark's dance during that fucking "let's sign it" moment 

5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

The 10 Biggest Questions We Have as Managers (and What We’re Doing to Answer Them) - Open  

"Ah, no. We didnt meet. I am Umay. Nice to meet you." The girl kept smiling, shyly crossing arms. 

#tgirls fucking tgirls pics nude+big+girls 

Believe not all that you see nor half what you hear #sevdiklerimiçin #EnginAkyürek #Dağhan #ÖleneKadar Dağhan SelDağ

Pretty sure that my first playthrough (that I'm still working on >.>) is my headcannon, though character needs solidification

Shaw has got to start tonight. Throw him in the deep end for a response, should tell Jose if he's good enough or not.

#MustWeed NC hemp commission considering joining lawsuit against DEA – WEC...  and #Cannabis #Stocks

Opened Parking Complaint request via android at 42 Maryland 2 Baltimore  . 

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

World Top 10 Dangerous Ways Internet is Misused, Being Work  #news #socialnews

Overprotective Boyfriend Refuses To Let Girlfriend Go Out and Twitter Rallies HARD 

Banana Republic Knit Top Silk/Cashmere Blend Purple Size XS  

Tristam didn't quite understand why he was doing this but he found he liked it too much. He deepened the kiss… 

the episode of phineas and ferb im watching just made a fucking leeroy jenkins reference. god damn it

Damn Bitch he's messaging me and has you who else he fucking with , LOOKS like your Nigga got that community dick boo    

#KarenRos being amazing sports, not sulking like fcking 5 year olds!! #CourtDuncan I'm looking at u #mkr

You just said a black child was "trained" like she's an animal. That was racist and ignorant. 

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

Naysayers stating Brexit could negatively impact U.S; they are full of rubbish; 

They Done Fucked Up And Gave Her A Horse 

I was in a dead ass sleep, I don't know how tf I woke up when the ball to my tongue ring fell off... like bih I coulda chocked and died   

doggystyle fucking exibinionist 

Damn man being mauled gotta be a horrible way to go

Can you imagine Jesus on Twitter autistically screeching about fucking Easter Eggs?

Me in class: Wait.... What happened? What do we do? What do we write? When's the test? What is this? How do you do this? What?

girls being fucked without knowledge 

JESUS FUCKING CHRIST! WHY THE MICHELIN MAN PIC... 

Maybe now because Miranda said that in her acceptance speech in front of everybody all of the award shows will get there shit together   ‍

When I was younger and my mom took me to get a blow out at the salon and I had to get a trim I use to look like Dora. I cried so bad   

In Jeezys voice 'My president is black my house mate is juice and ill be god damn if my votes aint fluid' #teambally 

it's lyrically so beautiful, just like 1d's last three albums were beautiful lyrically. what the fuck. 

#BarunSobti Vote for Barun Sobti The most popular team Of The World #www.whopopular.com 

Clean Bandit - Rockabye ft. Sean Paul and Anne-Marie, Here's The Brand New # 1 Video In The World... Have A Great Night Ya'll, Live N Luv Life

Which Obamaera Regulations Have Been Killed?. #TODAY  

Outcome #bias The tendency to judge a decision by its outcome instead of based on the quality of the decision at the time it was made.

We’re walking through the same time Connected to each other Whether I go to you Or you come to me #MAYWARDFlyHigh

Troy Lee Designs/Red Bull/KTM’s Jordon Smith Goes Back-To-Back in St. Louis  

Tonto Dikeh denies saying her estranged husband gave a journalist N3million  

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

Amazing Story Of A Girl Who Came Back To Life After Five Weeks Will Stun You 

Yaaasss I love to know that my man is breathing and his arteries are working!! Kudos to your body babe.    

#reese witherspoon nude videos wildest fucking 

Temp 17.0 Deg.C. RH 78% Av Wind 14.4 km/h SSW Baro 1029.0 hPa Falling slowly Rain since 9am 0.0 mm F'cast Fine weather

PSA: make it seem like something is morally wrong or that I shouldn't do it... you will hear about me doing it.

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

#AfterHours If you haven't already claimed your free Home goodie bag - we will be offering to 2nd retweeters. Apologies

UKISS is all over twitter these days and people are still saying no one cares about them 

And the secret to my CD is a little old school, a little new school, and a sprinkle of funk. You know what I mean?

Vicious sadistic lying subhumans. PROTECT THE FUCKING COUNTRY, STOP FEEDING YOUR RACIST URGES. 

#NBA Wire: Jae Crowder (elbow) will play on Wednesday - Jae Crowder | BOS  

"She couldn’t return to the life she had before, even though it had once made her happy." #SAAM #SAAM2017 

Boeser with the Sedins on the PP doesn't fit. Everything goes through the twins and doesn't allow Boeser to be an option to use his shot.

Trying to read at least two novels a month at the moment and I'm debating if reading all the Alias volumes counts as one...

Financial limitations can drag their negative consequences int... More for Gemini 

Danger Will Robinson danger!!! Watch out for that #Copper pot doubler, it could be dangerous. #ADI2017 

 #wife fucking boy 

A Quick Introduction To International SEO And The Main Considerations  via 

girl gets fucked missionary on cam 

Claudia Cardinale brushes off furore over retouched Cannes festival photo | Read:  by Telegraph

she asks "what's avant-garde?" "why're you distant and always on your guard?" calm as a world without wind. wander the world bound by sin.

turns out the last badge i got is going to be digital only, so if youre quick you can still nab a physical badge ($… 

me falling for jeff and planning our wedding, vs me finding out that my baby got an ending he didn't FUCKING DESERV… 

My ass would be out of this world Bc I'm fucking extraaaaaaaa 

Artwork and Character Thana Vesper  by Awoken Artist and AnimeEmm. Please Do Not Repost, Trace,… 

NowPlaying Interstellar (Original Mix) - DJ Kash #EDM #EDMfamily #Nowplaying  11:10

You get ended  ️eriod (.) for commas (,)   Don't play with my fucking money  

I love these mudrooms. There are designs if you have a lot of space, and not so much! 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

My fitbit #Fitstats_en_US for 4/07/2017: 12,772 steps and 3.6 miles traveled. 

kind of an iffy doodle but !! probably !! a new oc?? shsl bodyguard ?? shsl keeps u safe ?? idk ,,, 

We implore you to come dressed in your best! #UpgradeYourStatus #CoOperativeGroup #CoOpWay… 

A machine was climbed to the beach in the initial government, which had been recovered from earthquake 1 had only stormed.

Please tell me what you really think about me, honestly and anonymously -  #sayatme #feedback

Latest Book News... Brought to book: Top tips to get yourself to read more  #books #novels

Jeanine Pirro Rips Liberals: ‘Bozos’ Still Haven’t Figured Out What Russia Did to Stop ‘Queen Hillary’s Coronation’… 

Fucking My Wife And The Babysitter 

I come a city where niggas will hate on you for anything  

Monday is our fun day! Back and chest lifts and ending the day with an amazing Gentle Yoga class! A time for... 

You know your period is bad when you cry over Neville and his toad because his great uncle gave it to him for having magic. Oh god.

If u ever hear someone at the bar say that stupid ass "I don't drink to get drunk" line, take their fucking drink and chug it in their face

Was trying to find excuses for aunty Lori not to make me take this cardio class but she not taking it. Lol   

please dont be Yosuke "What the fuck bro thats disgusting ew get away from me" Hanamura all over again

1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. Thank you 

Don't any of you fuckers dare make me sing those sugary sweet happy songs or I will give you frostbite where you don't want it.

Some people are never happy! Neilson has done the job we needed him to do from the off. #safety now he can build fo… 

Serious question now, why do girls in this day and age feel the need to wear mini skirts and booby tops? Year 9??!

2 hours here at #FoodTrucksonDorothyLane 2000 E Dorthy Lane. Come fill your belly! Full menu below 

The Saudi aggression is targeting archeological monuments. #2YearsOfWarOnYemen 

Balamory actor’s daughter – aka porn star Skin Diamond – ditches adult movies for shot at pop career… 

College student dies after choking at pancake-eating contest  

We’re all in for Autism Awareness – are you? Show your support and get your own pair of Autism Awareness socks... 

Women need to encourage each other, not bring them down. There're enough people willing to do that for us. Empower each other and flourish <

As soon as i say i am experiencing a low, there is an immediate instinct for people to say 'Oh! don't worry it... 

It's about damned time that idiot got "nervous." I've been "nervous" since the freaking election. #NotMyPresident… 

You seasonal ... part time .. you'll get fucked up .. fucking with mines ... LIL BITCH     ‍   

I don't sleep so well at night, waiting up and shivering Hate is gone and money's tight, this little home that I'm living in

Dad of missing Tenn. teen asks to grill witnesses in court filing  

Thanks BEAZTmodeNY For Following Me !!! Now gimme half your stuff! #TWDfamily #thesaviors #saviors #actorindie 

The guy from fucking shark tank is running for leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada what

I ran out of my medicine, so my mom says "here, take this. It's the same thing." IT WAS MEDICINE FOR OUR DOG AND SHE WAS SO SERIOUS WTH

Sometimes, when I miss you, I listen to music, it makes me feel as if I'm with you and makes me forget the distance.

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Ken this message will make me kill myself one day , a actually canny believe how pish this game is and a still wast… 

#MLB #TRADES Spencer For Hire—Memoirs of a Gaijin - Spencer Patton player journal  #HOTSTOVE #Wintermeetings

Sum1 pls stop dis fucking asshole sheets bc mc on earth from barking farting on masjid throughout day at deonar govandi

Trump Earns Majority Of Americans' Disapproval In Record Time  

22,000 people follow this retarded bullshit 

SOS Cable with Geo Fence Alarm and Protocol Adding Options. Click here to know more:  

HT: Arsenal 1-2 Man City. An early goal and a quick response to the Gunners equaliser give the away side the advantage at the break.

In what fucking universe is that not a pen Atkinson

#architecture #interiordesign #deco A Burglar?s Guide to TV  

--Anyway, how is it that we didn't manage to keep certain functions throughout evolution? Such as the ability to breathe underwater. "

We havent seen Elliott in about 2 years and my boy is comin to delco in one week, lets fucking go!!!!!

Neil here. Going to be at the BreakMyGame meetup on Saturday (April 8th) in Annapolis as our first shot at... 

I had a blunt waiting for me for when I got home and I get here to find out my mom fucking smoked it  

#tgburbank New Harvest Salad!!! Local Strawberries, Fuzzy Almonds, Shaved Fennel, Burrata,… 

Need a #businessplan or #501c3 or other bus. services if so. Derrick Young Enterprises LLC can help you. Call 1-800-570-1708 ext 1 today.

So you little Zupet shits are kaking our county for yo stupid turn.. Sies .. We'll be damned b4 get away with it ! 

Love being with someone that supports me . Whatever I wanna do, she's right there to help me reach my goal  .

In the words of Kendrick Lamar: "I'm so fucking sick and tired of the photoshop"

#Dogging,#Milfs,#Stockings,#OutDoorSex,#Anal,#Moms: Pervert Dude Spies On Ursula While She Is Fucking Outdoor 

Miley To Party In Australia As She Ties The Knot, With Caitlyn Jenner As A Bridesmaid!  #RadarOnline #1137182 #1

Ass Cams Seductive misses bent over and skilfully fucked her ass with 

Bitches be so press for friends it's embarrassing, dat look so bad 

Korean idols are perfectly handsome, cute, funny, stylish, hot, know how to dance, have a wonderful voices.

**HELP NOW NOW!! BRADY is on the euthanasia list TODAY! Upper Respiratory Infection. ID# 34881000. He only has... 

suddenly AFP are concerned for my safety and I've been used as bait for 13years on the sly so when do i get my name cleared and my life back

This Democratic fundraising tool is Raking. It. In. Here's why  

USS Macon flying over New York City, summer, 1933  #sharePict #photo #places #travel

Stockings babe fucked by elderly gentleman 

If you believe Trump is an #ass-hole, watch this video:  

#Brighton Mar 30 18:00 Temperature 14C Wind SE 17 km/h Humidity 69% weather UK .. 

"We are forging a path to make homelessness rare, brief and non-recurring." #DCValues #SODA17 

Clay pisses me off why does he take 500 years to listen to these fucking tapes how can he not listen to it all at once I hate him

Hey Ron, U corrupt Dems weaponized Congress introducing the nuclear option, Ka-boom! Besides in the past 60 votes… 

bumped into this guy thts kanchiong fr the lift beh tetibe ckp "u what malay or? cuz u look like arab" BRuh

77.4F (Feels: 79.9F) - Humidity: 92% - Wind: 9.6mph ESE - Gust: 8.3mph - Pressure: 29.724in #weather 

I want to write that short story again. But is it about-- pain, for spectators? does it leave a dry moral about domestic abuse? her trial?

Grapethulu : Showing Katie King of the Ring 1998. Taker V Mankind and she is Horrified (via Twitter 

The Age of #SPORTS Catharsis continues, as teams/schools/cities continue to do things for the 1st time, or for the 1st time in many decades.

FAC MODEL CASTING 2017 Model Agency: Orange Models Video/Editing: FAC Productions Song: Sinead Harnett-Rather... 

Alexis Capri Ados Dancer Gets Fucked 

#Gold fabric is #laminated between #glass here before the front face is #etched in the negative… 

People really just now seeing the video of Shaq playing in Stow HS gymnasium 50 years ago. Damn. You guys are slow.

Bruh I wanna punch her in her fucking head 

Barkley getting away with these horrible challenges again, dirty cunt

Fender bender ends in brawl at California parking lot, woman arrested tells her side #OklahomaCity 

I have waited for so long to play it and I am so happy that it arrived today when I had nothing to do!. :-) 

"Kim, Khloe And Kourtney Kardashian Make SIX Figures Per Sponsored Social Media Endorsement 

Like holy! I'm still in shock! Jeff is my all time favourite and now they both back  Wwe will get their #BROKEN bri… 

Also, it'll be a regular reminder that I can be wrong. I said cdn't be 12-sided because you can't make Reuleaux polygon w/ even nr of sides.

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

Fucking Friday, slutty Saturday, saintly Sunday and moaning Monday.. 

Trans model, Valentijn De Hingh, wears a couture dress made from flags of countries that ban homosexuality. 

 Stop by the store today to pick up some gems. HYS* doesn't love you, we only like you as a friend.

 <EMOJI>️ #Comparing the Earth to a glass of water where the ice caps are like ice cubes, when the ice cubes melt, the wa…

What is your favourite motivational running song? #ABPRuns #RunChat #Running 

President Rodrigo Duterte admitted he likes to joke around with female policewomen, as well as his nurses, but... 

It's not easy to understand your feelings today and you may ch... More for Libra 

Nazareth Jv 0 CB East JV 2 [Top 2nd] [0 Out] [0 balls] [0 strikes] ... No one on [P: #16 Alyssa Niemann] [B: Player 5]

just for the record.... I FUCKING HATE MY EX BOYFRIEND. HATE. WITH A GODDAMN BURNING MOTHERFUCKING PASSION.

123 Slaughter Me Street is fucking bullshit. It's so bad.

Affirmation: Today I release my negative stories, excuses and any reasons I have that hold me back from my... 

Apple, Amazon and Google in the bidding war to acquire Toshiba’s flash chip unit  

All-you-can-drink Peach Crush, Blue Sapphire and June Bug every Thursday for only $28++ for women and $32++ for... 

Jennifer Aniston Supports Justin Theroux at Premiere for Final 'Leftovers' Season  

When you're incredibly sick but you have a school jazz gala you have to preform at tomorrow and you're the drummer so you can't miss

Police release photos of two suspects wanted in triple shooting at Vaughan club  

Our track riders had a fantastic time at the Blackburn Cycling Club race meet! We had Coburg riders represented... 

celeste drug from fucking north peter 

I'm clearly an idiot for even thinking I had a chance

The LGBT in all of it's non-sense, aren't really trying to get rid of the distinction between male and female,... 

U A DAMN LIE this is mad disrespectful. not just to women, but also 2pac would not condone this misogynous, hateful… 

started a #Runtastic live tracking session. See my progress live and cheer me on:  #runtastic #Android

The boys are back in town! The boys are back in town! The boys are back in town! THE BOYS are back in town!

The #DetroitTigers granted an 89-year-old Holocaust survivor her... #DetroitTigers 

Wow, Listening To #Troubadour After Undertaker Spoke About It, Gave Me Chills Like It Did Him, Somebody Needs Put Taker Videos To That Song

I am threatened by no one Bc I'm confident in who I am. If you think you got me bothered, you're sadly mistaken  

The biggest 'joke' today would be if Elfrid actually found a Brooklyn barber and cut his hair. It's time, EP.

Microsoft 1724 Surface Pro Tablet and Type Cover Bundle 12.3" 128GB SSD 4GB Win 10  

SHE DID WHAT SHE HAD TO DO. HER ACTIONS WERE ENTIRELY UN-SLEFISH AND TBH IM NOT EVEN MAD AT HER. YAH, WHAT SHE DID… 

Funny they haven't produced any of it. IF they anything it would be. They have said they have no creditable evidence.

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

The WORST nigga from Delaware is the one who doesn't claim it...... I hate y'all niggas man!

The make up bangs, still. Would have preferred if the buttercup products actually had green stuff. 

Part 5......meet Olivia's crazy ass friends!!!!! 

Gods glory is everything to me!!! I hope as the semester ends I can share Christ!!! I don't let my disability define me-I use it to inspire

When they nicknamed him Tarzan he believed it was true. Lots of chest beating and shouting strange calls. 

Another good match, would have meant more if it was her first title match win , but still good finish with the elbow drop #Wrestlemania

Baroque Pearl Pierced Earrings Vintage Jewelry..  #vintage #vintagejewelry 

13. He adds: "God's rule is not a strange blue wonder ... nor is it an oddly enormous event that breaks in like lightning from the sky."

Is it me or is everything celebrated too much nowadays. Used to be births, birthdays, Christmas and that was pretty much it. Everything now

Apple iPod Touch 4th Generation SIlver 32GB MC544LL/A USB Cord and Case Bundle NR  

For sale or trade, make me an offer. They are 17s and 5x110! Parks geek just to show the price for one. So make me an… 

You might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t... More for Scorpio 

Yes, The bible said love each other unconditionally but why do we judge people based on who they love? Let them be… 

I NOTICED THIS TOO AND IT FUCKED ME UP 

#sexchatrooms #insane swallow #india #kadikoyescort ass #bigtit #louisville pittsburgh 

Fucking well done Horford for fucking this one up for Celtics #Celtics

Guest lecture from PhD student Kim Wilson. Microbiome and Colonization of the GI tract. #healthygut #OARDC… 

oh FUCK NO!!  i know who these two bitches are i know what they do 

This is the fucking worst week ever 

What is of ultimate importance to me is the prosperity and security of the British nation. Goodness, no! Ha! #aprilfools

Something Different is the perfect song to jam out to on the car, the shower, school and just everywhere #SomethingDifferentOutNow

Sad. Beautiful Woman Is Now Blind In One Eye After Simply Giving Her Fiancee A Birthday Cake. 

'The Voice' power rankings: Which member of Team Alicia Keys will win Season 12? - Goldderby 

#AllStars 2003 #Topps CHROME #LeBronJames REFRACTOR RC ROOKIE #Card PSA 9 WOW!! ++$3000  

And the lower Croton (below New Croton Dam) becomes a tidal lagoon changing complexion every six hours.

This Mexican perfumer takes you from an Aztec altar to a baroque convent, with only his fragrances.… 

You can now print a sneaker to support the exact arch of your foot or the particular way you run. 

The top auto brands on Facebook are highly visual, posting mostly photos:  #NewsWhipData

Wind 0.0 mph ---. Barometer 29.972 in, Falling slowly. Temperature 50.5 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 52%

Skills coaching is more about education and the mindset that your environment cultivates than it is drills. Anyone can go on youtube for those

Was worried about being on time for work today, ended up being on time but my boss and coworker thats training me are late...

You're the happiest when you are free to flit from one activit... More for Gemini 

#MLB Wire: Fantasy Baseball Prospects Report: 5 to stash in redraft leagues and helpful…  

"This Is The Best Photoshop Troll Artist Who's Making History! Laughter Guaranteed! 

You understand the importance of striking a balance between pe... More for Pisces 

$3.5B: That's how much these 10 Bay Area companies raised in Q1  #sanfrancisco

Half Of American Families Are Desperately Living Paycheck To … :  .,,,, 

God being a parent is weird sometimes I frikken almost cried watching Boss Baby! What the hell happened to me

Looking for #blinds #shutters or #curtains Check out World of Blinds at 60 Seafield Road, #Inverness The North's most trusted name in windo…

If I see one more headline with UConn spelled this way I might honestly call the editor. 

#Syria crisis: Australia increases aid contribution by $25 million as part of #Syria  

$CNC Wednesday analysis: 57.14% chance of closing above $69.77 .More details available on #apple store: 

Ottawa Senators vs. Boston Bruins – 4/6/2017 Free Pick and NHL Betting Prediction  

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

Damn school was crazy today whats going on with rhhs

Lloyds req. Customer Service Assistant Apprentice to join the team, Swansea, p/t. #parttimejobs 

We can't always get what we want. Sometimes we just have to accept that there are things that aren't meant for us to happen.

2017-04-06 [Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas] Filed 8-K #SEC #8K #CurrentReport #Form8K 

It's astonishing how many ppl go 20 km's under the speed limit in this town. Ugh.   #RoadRage #notdrivingatm  

Porn WARNING - If you don't want your xxx-rated web history SHARED, you need to do THIS #androbrix1 #android #apple… 

Gibraltar 'not for sale', Boris Johnson declares as Tories hit back over 'Spanish land grab' 

The Chainsmokers - Paris   #Tophits #Webradio #NowPlaying 

I don't know what's worse: the Yooka-Laylee rap or the people in the comment section whining about JonTron. It's so goddamn pathetic.

Feraligatr 48.9% (8/0/14/Water Gun/Crunch) until 10:10:24pm (27m 54s). lvl30+ CP:1809 (L25) 

[More people should reply to our picnic already because I want to get things going a bit before I travel tomorrow =P *selfish*]

Now I'm all frustrated and upset over not being able to do my small business and have a glorious time and ugh why I gotta do feels.

Ravioli Pizza   Two of my favorite things together. Tag your  friends. Picture by  … 

SPEED BOAT 2002 JOHNNY LIGHTNING JAMES BOND 007 1:64 DIE-CAST  

Brotherhood is fucking awful, didn't think I'd have to sit through this shite ever again

These Liberals want the Constitution interpreted as the world evolves says the evolutionists but most Americans... 

Research results may help guidance counsellors and parents help high school graduates better prepare for univ.  #brocku

#CyberSecurityAudits are essential for business. When did your #SME have its last #PenTest  

I'm sure her parents are so excited to see her career blossom. #carriessmilingdown 

There are 22 Shriners Hospitals locations providing care in kids' #orthopedics #burns #spine #cleft lip/palate… 

I'm fucking serving looks today anyways what y'all uglies doin

I HATE THIS SHOWGUCK THIS SHOW IMREAKMY GONNA CRY FUCK OFF

FC Barcelona Celebration FIFA Club World Cup Final (Barcelona vs River Plate 3-0) 20/12/2015 HD: 

Suspect Charged for Carrying Pistol Without Permit After Gun Falls Out of His Buttocks  

Daring and pushy and a bit vampy but who isn't like that from time to time? Go get him girl! - Nasty Girl -… 

OKS Director Seth Ashworth: Whitewater Kayaker-Photographer playing around on 'Good Wave' at the Columbus, GA... 

Niggas hate apologizing but always doing something they need to apologize for

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

Ion get mad often but if i usually have a attitude wit u, 10/10 its cuz u a dickhead n u said or did sum dickhead shit

Fox News Brings Back Judge Napolitano, Who Still Stands By Obama Wiretapping Claim [VIDEO]  

Look at this fucking asshole:  

things i realized today: 1. i don't remember a time when my car had a full tank of gas 2. i can write a whole essay on adult coloring books

Finally got my gf to watch #WynonnaEarp last night. She kept calling Bobo "The Badonkadonk" so you win some you lose some I guess.

B's Beauty and Books: Blog Tour and Signed Book Giveaway: The Lighthouse ... 

According to the EU #victimsrights Directive ALL victims have right to access to justice, protection, respect and s… 

Going braless in a jumpsuit seemed like a good idea, until I was currently sat naked in a public restroom x

Wind 6.3 mph SSE. Barometer 30.03 in, Falling. Temperature 57.6 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 39%

Pamela Geller WND: Muslim migrant rapists PLEAD GUILTY but will 5 year-old victim get justice in ... 

Boko Haram top member surrenders — Army - Tribune NewsPaper -  

>jumping into conversations you have no idea what are about and blathering like a retard k 

Two Peyton gems this week: 1) "Don't judge the words of my use." 2) "Can I get new shorts because the last ones grew out of me?"

Can't stand when one of ma mates says let's get an Uber       it's called a fucking taxi

if you prey on people's kindness and continue to fuck them over for God knows what reason you deserve to be miserable

That beluga whale met bts before i did what a fucking legend

It's only the first day of the season, but the #Rockies bullpen turned in a solid performance today. Great to see Holland get his first SV.

Gigaba's vision for SA isn't new: redistribution of wealth, land and opportunity to the black majority were core to… 

[  ] Tesla Is Now the Most Valuable U.S. Automaker, but It’s More Than Just a Car Company 

This is the port bridgewing indicators. Note the rudder indicator. Port to the right? Should be regs against this.… 

Marco Rubio reveals his presidential campaign staffers were hacked - The Independent 

People have emotions. A troublesome attribute that's not only visible, but also change easily ㅡ Ai Haibara

Lmfao must suck being from Hemet and never seeing a real bad bitch walk in ya city unless it's on the internet      

hey colCAMRA, you may want to check  for latest updates on #BeerFestival   

#ED raids 300 shell companies across 16 states -  - #EnforcementDirectorate 

writing a research paper about why homework is not as effective as it's supposed to be really connects why i really dislike a lot of profs 

Museum of Islamic Art - Doha Qatar, looks a lot like a barn square. great graphic for low volume. 

Inside Chance The Rapper's Fight For Chicago Public Schools  

state testing is finally fucking over the suicide is off

Well that snake looks fucking terrible! #WrestleMania #WWE #WWEtitle

"why yo hair look like pubes" MY MOM BRUTAL AS FUCK

FUCKING FURRIES #NowPlaying Wolves by Kanye West ♫ 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Jon Holladay addresses cloud hype: technology won't fix gov't innovation by itself. We must address bureaucratic processes. #InforFedForum

Woke up on fire for the day, prayers workout checking in with all my peoples, since then I've been relegated to the couch

Home sick today, due to having to work thru a tummy flareup yesterday, which means it didn't really *stop* :-/ Now waiting for Dr to call.

My grandfather always said "if you're going to dream, it doesn't cost a dime extra to dream big"!! 

We are still in Thursday in America, so we are still on time for a Transporter Thursday: 

This Saturday Tune into Deeper Than Music Podcast Deeper Than Music Podcast Interview this Saturday 2 - 3 pm we have 

When you provide Caring to a certain group of people, that group of people start to Care about you called... 

I mean spn wouldn't be that stupid to fuck him over (and I mean fuck him over to the point that a mob will be at the writers' front door)

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Stop in today to take your photo and tell us what you think "makes a better us" for a chance to win an annual... 

Do you think a hot chocolate ever wants to be called an intelligent, hard-working chocolate just once?

Women's 14KT Yellow Gold Marquise Diamond Channel Set Engagement Ring Size 6.5  

i think i missed a block b live or something... i love my timezone, everything happen when i'm asleep :)

#NowPlaying on Actual Radio Love Of The Common People by Paul Young - Local #Radio for #Essex #actualradio… 

Ppl so fucking ignorant when they driving but I'm wrong if I pull up on the side of they ass and get my issue

jacob whitesides is my fucking world and no one will change that 

Of course, you want to be recognized for your contributions on... More for Pisces 

 Rising NXT Superstars With Big-Money WWE Potential  

Federal Appeals Court Issues Historic Ruling In Favor Of Job Protections For Gay Workers 

China's plan to reduce troop numbers to save money for high-tech weapons is on track  #pymes #business #negocios

Check out these 8 inland adventures you can discover in Western Australia...  

Fond Du Lac WI Weather now. Temp 47.4, Wind 3, Wind dir 123, Wind chill N/A, Gusting to 0, UV 0.0

This Photo Of A Boy By A Grave Will Break Your Heart, But His Story Must Be Told 

*WOW!! See what happened to church members after Prophet gave them "Anoited Honey" to Drink 

Qui Radio Londra: Seeking Kurdish support, Turkey’s Erdogan calls himself ‘guardian of peace’ 

Been listening to so much Ed Sheeran lately I think I'm picking up his accent... not complaining though

This is a major issue. Fellas please own your height the same way these females own their bald heads. 

so #Floods and #Cyclone wont happen if we have #Renewable energy ... I would like to see that >>> Big… 

I don't get why mfs lie to me. Like ....ioon even care that much about you for you to be lying. Like cmon G

the inhumane bitch who filmed it should be rotting in hell this video makes me so upset the ethiopian woman deserve… 

Dr. Charles Haworth, Cambridge Centre for Lung Infection talking about accesses in CF #CFIcon17 

The only way I can stay awake all class on Tuesday/Thursday is if I get aroma joe's ice coffee right before

12:52 BST: Temperature: 14.1°C, Wind: S, 0 mph (ave), 0 mph (gust), Humidity: 91%, Rain (hourly) 0.3 mm, Pressure: 1011 hPa, falling slowly

Liquor ban on highways: United Spirits, Radico Khaitan down over 5%: The impact will be material but transitory in… 

"She Looks Like She Has The Perfect Body, But Then She Posts This Photo And SHATTERS... 

Let's treat the British army to a free week in Benidorm... Then what with binge drinking, tomb stoning, and sunburn... We've won the war!  

You could win a trip to the 2017 CMA Music Festival, plus great instant prizes from Kretschmar Deli #Sweepstakes 

File under things that def didn't happen and if they are did are wetter than listening to hardcore in 2017 

They just kept giving him more and more attention, and we don't know the difference between bad and good attention anymore.

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

I have never met someone who gets so excited and loves biology as much as my cell biology professor    

Hemet Weather at 11:00 AM, Temperature 73.2, Humidity 19%, Wind 0.0 mph from the W, Daily Rain 0.00", Monthly Rain 0.00", Yearly Rain 17.89"

5 weeks left of college and I got to say "small penis" out loud in class during a presentation #SeniorYear #NoLimits

Technician’s Perspective: The Win-Win Outcome Part Two  

You know when your planned timeline is fucked up constantly. Tragic part- I cannot do anything about it. #Messeduptimeline

If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself. - Henry Ford #quote #Mind #Body #Soul 

Sometimes I think about what im doing with my life but then I hear about people from high school and I feel so much better  

Love how Tonto sits in my lap and hugs and kisses me...    #BlessedToHaveHim #KnowsWhenMommaIsSad 

We’ve published the January 2017 figures for visits to and from the UK …  

The world is not "overpopulated" it's underpopulated. We're to cultivate our on plot and live on it and take care of Earth...

Survey Says: We Need To Educate Educators About The Rights Of LGBTQ Students 

I ABSOLUTELY HATE NIGGAS ! like it's ridiculous how bad motherfuckers get under my skin !

Now y'all wanna care about Syria    here's some news, Obama and Hillary fucked it up for 5 years before Trump took office.

hey gamers what's up, today i'm playing Fucking dying from stomach cramps

#DJIA relief momentum into 20700-20950 from 20350-20500 support (US 10Y Treasury risk-off at 2.30-2.35%) is comfort for risk-neutral stay!

Be sure that someday you'll praise and thank God for your unanswered prayers that once you had wept for them. — Shams Tabriz

Barcelona Apt. #2 ~ General Chat Comments, Quotes and Thanks for Pictures and Videos April 2017.  #Reallifecam #Voyeur

Brickworks Nightclub Biggest Saturday party in town tonight Disciples and Third Party 

is there anything not trying to kill us <EMOJI>️ “There are plants in Australia that can kill you” 

‘Gu’ means darkness and ‘Ru’ means light. So Gu-Ru is basically the transformation from dark to light

I think all my mangas are worth this bag. And thats like nearly 300 at this point  

Black Outdoor Patio Swing Canopy Awning Yard Furniture Hammock Steel 2 Person  

Rick James fucking hated Prince (who I have pledged all of my allegiance to) but it doesn't keep me from appreciating James' eccentricities.

Well, that twin No.1 is a master healer. Even our own heroes from the medical team can't keep up with his work.

How to Pronounce Sick As Tits ↺RT  #

Isabella Christyn picked up and fucked in exchange for cash 

#MMAStalker sharing the latest #MMA #News from #BloodyElbow | The MMA Circus w/ Noad Lahat, Shane Campbell and ... 

How Facebook — the Wal-Mart of the internet — dismantled online subcultures: A tongue… 

$900 Million in Crystal Meth Seized Australian Federal Police found 903 kilograms hidden in boxes of wooden floor boards shipped from China.

WineShop At Home believes in keeping it SIMPLE. No inventory or samples to manage, carry, keep or deliver...ever! 

You turn your brain off for one night and all you're left with is a terrible hangover and a pineapple

Microsoft Xbox 360 with Kinect 4GB Black Console (NTSC)  

Watch a nigga snap some hand cuffs on, ima be so mad, i didnt plan ahead 

1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past week. Thank you 

CROWN PRINCESS KATHERINE ATTENDED LONDON HUMANITARIAN CONCERT FOR THE HOMELESS CHILDREN OF BELGRADE AND DUBROVNIK: 

Spicer in re to info that proves Obama wire tapped Trump: 'Does it really matter where it came from?'

MOSTLY BE CAUSE THEY ARE JUST DUMB CHILDREN..WHOM HAPPEN TO BE FULLY PHYSICALLY GROW -BUT> THEIR BRAINS NEVER CAUGH… 

plump girls fucking gallery 

Be his voice then all will be your voice hurry up and don't be silent not to execute him #Iran #Execution… 

Rosa Parks.. annoying ass school  

After more than 12 years of being in a coma, this man finally woke up. Almost immediately, he turned to his... 

The English language lacks the necessary words to describe just how truly excited I am about #WillAndGrace coming b… 

It was MKG's article in Young India that ignited the riots and on this day, April 6 1929, Mahashay ji was killed by… 

Scotland: Shelley Kerr confirmed as Anna Signeul's replacement after Euro 2017  

Omg i just order a chocolate fountain, can't wait to fucking use it

Can Chance help Dez work though her demons? Could she be his salvation? #kindle #romance  

10 people followed me and 10 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Breaking: Banned Napolitano Returns To Fox, He Has Devastating News, Dems Are Pissed  

Drug Company Owes $20 Million After Overcharging Veterans Affairs Department For Drugs  

But that "buried under a bathtub" part is gross riyale. That's not how you kill lovers.   Johnny Cash - Banks Of T… 

Bent over and gagged bound babe fucked 

Trump and his Cronies, are Sick Deranged Bastards 

EH seeks volunteer patient and family advisors to share perspectives on cancer care programs and services. 

Niggas can't leave this "fat bad bodied bitch" alone  

COME THE FUCK THROUGH HUCKLEBERRY !!! #Scandal 

The Standard Code of Parliamentary Procedure, 4th  #Greatreads #ThursdayTreat

#LiberalLunatics seem to be allergic to facts. Facts tend to trigger.  <EMOJI>️ #ThursdayThoughts #confirmgorsuch… 

What idiot called it "devoutness" instead of "wormers"?

#NowPlaying Too Bad (feat. Richard Judge) - Radio Cut von David K. #NewMusicFriday ♫ 

Dont fucking park in a handicapped spot when you're not handicapped. Disrespectful.

St Petersburg metro: Explosions took place at two underground stations, Russian media report LIVE updates:… 

"To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life." -Robert Louis Stevenson.

You're very welcome. Bloom gps were sparse on twitter when started the listing lark. So pleased that more are findi… 

Full Show – Plan To Overthrow Trump Leaked / Democrats Caught Working For Russia/China – 03/29/2017 

I sometimes wish the Millennium bug had transpired, halting and reversing all technological progress. Then I wouldn… 

daughter gets fucked by machine 

The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time 

Justice for Bud- cruel students lit up fire crackers in his mouth! Plz sign:  

Giveaway! P.S. I love this book! is turning two! More books more reviews more amazing time together! <3 

Nonie Darwish "Demolishes False Equivalence" Between #Christianity and #Islam | Frontpage Mag 

So she has this thing where she wanna act like other people i think she tryna make me crazy  just like her 

I KNEW IT I FUCKING KNEW IT I THOUGHT IT WAS HER I KNEW I RECOGNISED HER I KNEW IT 

Absolutely criminal. WWE should be fucking ashamed. FUCK MOJO RAWLEY. Worthless Jobber. WHY THE FUCK WASNT IT BRAAAAAAUNNN!!!!!!!!

dude i vividly remember this book cover but forgot the title and actual plot how the fuck do i go about finding it

Found a Transponder Snail! Who made the escape from Impel Down a success?  #TreCru 

I want a tattoo so fucking bad but I just can't figure out the placement smh

If you know what this: Player.additem 000000F means, then you an I think alike. Even if you just googled it to know WTF I'm talking a out

For Me and many other this was the first contact to #OpenSource. RIP and thanks for widening my View - CodePlex 

You may be not-so-secretly exploring a variety of strategies t... More for Aries 

Cat in the Hat Emerges as IT’s True Villain in Horrific Trailer Mash-up  

Here is the link to the Podcast I did with Sharon Vornholt on Itunes if you prefer to listen that way... 

Ladies Someone Out There Has Saved Your Pics And Is Busy Telling People That He Has Had Sex With You

Sometimes before I do 3 workouts I get high for hours and think about how screwed up and hypocritical the world is. Stresses me out lol  

BPD 911 Dispatch: NARCOTICSOutside | 1800 E LAFAYETTE AV | Fri, Apr 7th 2017, 12:41 am | Medium | P170970076

JUST LISTED!!!!!!! 321 FINNIGAN, COQUITLAM $1,250,000 This CUSTOM BUILT... 

Well seeing that everyone is saying they going to the bathroom or getting a snack answers my question. #Wrestlemania

"On my soul if Trump get elected I'm moving back to Africa." It's been a couple months now my g. 

Verizon To Debut Digital Live Linear TV Network Package  

Which is wrong not to tell the person you're dating that you can't conceive of make a family 

Rafael Carvalho on Melvin Manhoef Rematch: ‘He Still Won’t Feel The Taste of Victory’ - 

YES, FUCKING YES, FUCKING HELL YEAH 

Pistol-Whipping Badass Lt. William Weldon Describes Encounter Where He Was Attacked By Illegal Immigrant  #BlueLive…

There is some Pretty Pumped Folks in the Launch of the EAS so what they Excitements about  

IN THE FACE WITH A FUCKING AINSLEY HARRIOT IS SOOOOOOOO FREEEESH, ITS SOOOOOOOOOOO DOPE

Fucking Herrera at LB, with Luke Shaw on the bench? Come to Arsenal fella...

Just want people with short tempers to stay the fuck away from me. Sick of walkin on eggshells for anyone.

Both home care and home #healthcare have the same goal, and they often work in tandem. Learn more – 

Do you think that supporting small, local businesses can help to improve your community faster than spending money at big chain stores?

No parent ever dreams or thinks they will bury their children, let alone in these circumstances. Where is the outra… 

Evelyn Farkas to CNBC: 'I Had No Insider Info, I Only Knew What I Read in the Press' on Trump Surveillance (VIDEO) 

Tell me I'm not the luckiest guy ever! I dare you. #bae #missyou #loveyou #notmygirlfriend 

#PennStateMGYM is in search of its      Big Ten Championship this weekend at Illinois Details  

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

Describe your personality in two words — Fucking savage 

Why Deep Learning is the most important discipline in Product Management to tackle right...  

But I feel like Keith would prob do an faq video at one point bc SO MANY QUESTIONS?? AND ONLY 2% OF THEM ARE ABOUT KNIVES BUT HE'LL DO IT

you look and act like that one guy in every high school who never gets a haircut and thinks they're morally superior… 

#Vancouver Vintage Vancouver #Canucks Hockey #Jersey NHL Stitch Sweater Black Starter Medium… 

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

#nowplaying #TranceFamily #IrishTranceFamily Richard Durand - Art Of Noise (Original Mix) 

#latimes 10 songs for the dark times we are living in, including the best new protest anthem. Now on Spotify. 

You're a goat for lying, and is this the Bible study I've been teaching you? 

a. What is wrong with the sunscreen we cover up from the sun with, especially in summer. #SN7 #peteevans

THE CLOUD COMPUTING REPORT: An introduction to cloud solutions and their use cases 

I still haven't tried the Too Faced born this way concealer. But idk if I could ever stop using my Tarte shape tape

FUCKING COP THAT DEFENCE YOU MAMMOTH PACK OF CUNTHEADS

I sat down then 4 kids that looked like they might have seen the Menzingers also sat down next to me. When I realized they saw Bastille

Happy Birthday to this amazing man!  I am so incredibly lucky to have you in my life.  My life… 

Decisions You Make In Life Determine The Outcome Of Your Future  

Very pleased to share that every four years we undergo a routine test for TB in our dairy herd and yesterday we... 

There's levels. Ugly, and then Fugly. As in Fucking Ugly.

I don't get how you rip someone's heart out of their chest and still want them to be your best friend.

List all the damage the #POTUS caused to you snowflake. Otherwise move along. #MAGA 

Conference of National Reconciliation Millionday [is the "Conference of National Reconciliation" something t  #dinar

When people send me requests,I try to respond ASAP.I’m accountable to the people who work for me,as much as they ar… 

I need a bad bitch who keep a hand grenade in her Burberry

Petite Latina Fucked In The Bathroom And In Bed  

Two posts I've seen today that have really resonated with me. Climb your mountains with all the love you can muster  

no girlfriend, no bros, no friends; my life is fucked up, don't kno what to do now

Very good question. #SCOTUS U.S. v. Nixon (1974) recognizes the President's "need for protection of communication"… 

No power kule complex and it's almost noon   my neighbor's party that I didn't get an invite for starts at noon  

MILITARY WW2 GERMAN ELITE PALM TREE REVERSIBLE CAMO REVERSIBLE TENT ZELTBAHN  

At its core, flirting should lift a person's psyche and better the other's emotional wellbeing, without making said person needy.

You may lose your sense of purpose, only to uncover a more mea... More for Sagittarius 

There are lots of things to do around the house and you can't ... More for Pisces 

this is fucking sick I wanna go 

Oh damn Juan W. on the Five, so switching 2 Cavuto. I hate Juan, he's moronic and never says anything that he hasn't heard a Dem say.

I've dealt with many losing seasons and missing the playoffs for 15 straight years but I'm not gonna joke and say I'm a suffering M's fans

#AntiZumaMarches As far as im concerned , it is our democratic right to demonstrate. We want Zuma out. New leadership should come forth.

Parish YA leaders sharing about their YA ministries at #totdc. Looking to get connected to a parish? Check out… 

Everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today, but you k... More for Cancer 

Thanks for donating $70K into the Parks Service, Mr. Trump. It almost helps us forget that you want to gut the Interior Dept by $2bil.

Teasing Him Before Fucking 

Kicking off the #imibalaArtsfestival!!. The talented #imibalafreshtalent search winner. Ethan… 

When someone says "You've changed" it simply means you've stopped living youre life their way ..:);)<3… 

It's not that I'm upset that you check up on me. I'm upset bc I want someone specific to. I'm upset bc I know they won't but I keep trying.

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

My co worker asked me what's going on with me and that I never talk about myself lol I am mysterious. That's just how I move.

I'd like to thank the young man who led the police on a low speed chase that increased my commute by 30 min. In person. No cameras.

#Myfirstfortyfive #theyoungrascals #goodlovin "the young rascals - good lovin" on YouTube - 

Wow, I bet if it was Fran ..Bri would've done something ...but didn't step up to key. Scary ass hoe . #BGC17

New Article! We start a miniseries, dedicated to helping authors expand the landscapes in their works! 

This fucking track. If you know, you know    getting me so buzzing for summer    

My First Quarter Wrap-Up of 2017! Can you believe we have already gone through 3 whole months? I can't. Here are… 

got me looking in the mirror trying to analyze my figure telling myself I'll never be good enough for no man

Are #Michigan #DataCenters Contending with #MarketOversupply? (Screencast) - YouTube  

Extremely grateful to #uber driver who returned my phone....jet lagged-tastic, I left my phone in his taxi coming from airport #phew

Each has a story, each has a way, maybe that's the price for what comes in the future, suffer a little, to have the reward at the end

Who am I, O Lord God, and what is my family, that you have brought me this far? (NLT) -1 Chronicles ... 

Idk why but shit like this weirds me outttt to look at that is fucking insane 

bryan: "i dont mean to offend u but whenever theres a girl character thats edgy and says ugh whatever thats right up ur alley"

Angela Belcher. Looking for distant stars in the deep space. Looking for tiny tumors for early detection. Similarit… 

  #WinterEvent2017 On the attraction of two perfectly conducting plat on-the-attraction-of-two-perfectly-conducting-plates.pdf

interesting effect it could make for a great bouncing ball and effects exercise! 

girl, i dont know about legalities, but it seems that you're the one who has issues, harrassing an employee because you're a fucking —

The need to plan one's life is so important. Investing in properties is the safest investment one can make

HEY REMEMBER WHEN THE GUY I WORK WITH LET AIR OUT OF TIRES BECAUSE HE WAS FUCKED UP ON XANAX?

this aster bitch in dexter. i don't care if shes 12 i hope she gets the worst form of cancer

Congrats to this beautiful soul for being accepted to Chapman and FIT, there was never a doubt in my mind you would… 

Tonight: Calgary Flames host Columbus Blue Jackets... #CalgaryFlames  #calgaryflames

"After all, tomorrow is another day!"_____Scarlett O'Hara ***Vivien Leigh*** ***Gone with the Wind*** 1939

To let your mind sink into a book in a beautiful room is bliss. #amreading #books #Sydney #crimefiction… 

Wish you were here !!?? Rain, chip restaurants and palm trees. South Shields has it all. 

#Photography | Old Yellow Car Trolley from Los Angeles | #PhotoOfTheDay #Travel #Photo 

#OReilly - Fox News is like watching a Porno station. With this latest, all women on the show should wear pantsuits… 

TV Show “My Flippin’ Friends” Set Here » Urban Milwaukee – urbanmilwaukee  

Filthy whore Karma Rosenburg gets her ass banged with a toy on the couch 

#Dawn 'High-value' terrorist of TTP Sajna group killed in security operation: ISPR  #Pakistan

Come on out and meet the BikeandWalk Montclair team at our ANNUAL GET TOGETHER! Thursday April 13, 7:30-9:00 PM... 

My bible says what applies to men applies to women so don't tell me it's a man's nature to cheat and they are weak,don't tell me that rubbish

If you listen to logic or j cole, do yourself a favor; unfollow me and kill your fucking self.

Cheeky fun bet on the #grandnational, first time I've ever placed a bet in a bookies!!! Lets hope it's first time… 

Pikachu  (97.8% 15/15/14, Quick Attack / Discharge) until 19:14:40 (29m 45s). 

In the rush of the hectic world we live in its easy to believe that we should be working 100% of… 

Fucking on the bathroom floor 

Indian Railways: Railways bounces back, posts all time high revenues - The Economic Times 

Scolari starts 18yo Wen Jiabao in Guangzhou Derby. Yes, he sounds exactly the same as former Chinese Prime Minister.

Learn more about Hugs, Help and Hope  ☞ 

having to walk through town with no makeup for my prom trial has got to be the worst thing   never felt so minging  

No matter how many times I trie to convince myself that Red Robin is actually good it never happens , pure garbage  

Not to be cliche but Gillian Anderson is the hottest motherfucker to ever step foot on the fucking planet

2012-2017 i c the difference:') EXO, thankyou for being our spirit! Stay healthy and keep loving us,EXO-Ls!  Spread… 

Wind 0.0 mph ---. Barometer 30.100 in, Steady. Temperature 57.9 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 65%

#ClimateChange #GlobalWarming You’re going to change #God’s #Providence? He that sits in heaven laughs at you, 

please explain to me why i get weather updates and 2 alert system phone calls from del rio every time there's any k… 

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

#SignOfTheTimes I'm so exited for this song    I think I have to wait until I come home from school before I listen to it, I might be

Dany wearing fur? For cold weather? For the north? Wop wop 

Two Muslims charged with plotting to carry out knife jihad terror attack a week after Westminster ... 

Handmade Genuine Leather Travel Brown Case Passport Holder Cover Gift HOT 206  

I'm done trying to save it. It causes more problems than it can prevent. I'm not going back home 

This brings the NO counts to 40. Coons is a likely NO too. May be slightly premature to say this, but I think we ha… 

Big Bird has made it to the property! Come join us for lots of FREE kids activities. Adults are only $10! Stop by... 

Fear is pushing Scottish leaders to fight #Brexit but it will be all in vain 

Nadia Styles bukkakke and fucked 

Watch the awesome TVC which says Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. #ChallengeTheUnchallenged 

I HATE YOU POE AHH SOUTH FLORIDA NIGGAS .... INSTEAD OF TRYING GET PAID AND MAKE SOMETHING SHAKE FOR YA FAM YOU WANT TO BEEF WITH NIGGAS

Why the f*** are people like this?! The boys were so exited to show us the Album but no thereare these IDIOTS who h… 

  Student assn quick give a rejoinder. To cover up further investigation?

I just entered SunnyD's sweepstakes for the chance to win a Race with Ricky and four of my friends! Enter now: 

According to the stock market, Tesla is now worth more tha...  #technology #gadgets #stuff 

#PL hoy: Tottenham- Watford West Ham- Swansea City West Bromwich- Southampton Manchester City- Hull City Stoke City- Chelsea Boro- Burnley

one person followed me and 5 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I know there is much more I do not even want to know!!It is going to END any day now!!I am leaving Monday!!Not the Beach!!

The past should be left in the past or it can steal your future. Live life for what tomorrow can bring. KISSES GlitzAndGlam

Encinitas woman dead after turmeric IV infusion -  KGTV ABC10 San Diego 

i have this whole idea of how i want my life to turn out...i just wanna know when it's gonna start going my way

You fucking dog, out of my life 

Chat with me and my friends! Visit  #butt #porn #ass #nsfw 

Chechnya Native Carrying Explosives Detained on Turkey-Syria Border  #TheList 

It has taken me so long to get my room to look like I want it to and honestly I'm very very proud of myself for eve… 

Add some style to your #sporty #weekend look!  #weekendvibes 

I used to think the #BBC was providing honest unbiased news reporting. Twitter has opened my eyes to other news sources and to #BBCbias

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

i fucking /want/ and /need/. 

With $500K in financing, The Perspective wants to unite a divided media world  #Journalism 

!!!!!! Damn its so hard to find people like this in America !!!!!! 

An American Airlines pilot died just before landing a plane in New Mexico  $AAL #AmericanAirlines

Today's kiln opening. Yet more cherry blossom trees! I spent longer at the torch than usual yesterday.... 

I forgot to change my Yooka Laylee backer reward to the Switch and now I will be sad forever. Wanted to play it on the go!

Fight against something and we focus on the thing we hate. Fight for something and we focus on the thing we love. - Simon Sinek

Hahaha. What even...  but the thought that someone actually remembers my birthday month.   

#NowPlaying on Amazing 80's Radio ►: Show Me Heaven by #Maria McKee ♫ Listen to more #80s Hits here ♫  #80smusic

Working through #legal matters can be exhausting. You may have many #questions, we can help you find #answers. 

Looking to move to Nashville? US News and World report just ranked it #13 in Best Places to Live! 

 Sneak Peak of what's included in today's bunch!   The texture and colour of this Celosia is AMAZING  ... 

Today_Matches + 3rD_ODI SL_vs_BAN Time_9AM At_Colombo * 3rD_T20I PAK_vs_WI Time_9:30PM At_Trinidad + "ALI_KHAN"

My head is heavy but my eyes still wanna watch   at this point I kinda like the match with Kyrgios more

clearly it's an expression of interest when a guy asks for a girls number? Correct me if l am wrong?

In fact, I HOPE it's someone I know, and they see these, because you're a goddamn idiot and I'm just never gonna talk to you again. Fuck you

Chester County ecommerce company Turn5 lands $611K in state ... - Technical.ly Philly 

1 In 3 Americans Give Donald Trump An 'F'...fuck the F...give him an expulsion. NOW!!! 

Wearing a skirt and I feel cute!   I was forced to wear them at school so I refused to wear them for years. Now I want more!

Victorian Liberal Party President Michael Kroger has been re-elected to the position unopposed at today's state cou… 

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

Interesting read! What do people think about retiring whales?? #blackfish #whale... 

#MyFavoriteComebackIs -nt I'm rubber you're glue or sticks and stones it's this 

But alas, due to ones desire, I hold with those whom have choseth fire, though my heart be cold and weary, my eyes are warm, like hers. anon

(Global_Montreal) Montreal teacher turns students' autism insult into awareness opportunity … 

Guess what we are installing this week at Penelope's Deli in the Open Centre????? Starting This Monday 10th... 

I haven't been paying much attention to Twitter lately but why am I seeing so much of this? People are anti-opposit… 

New Womens Invicta 21228 LE Cruiseline Swiss White MOP Dial RoseTone Steel Watch  

Stock’S Earning Overview Regions Financial Corporation (RF)  

My room is: CO2: 400ppm Pressure: 1013.71hPa Temperature: 20.33°C Humidity: 46.03% Luminosity: 61Lux 2017/04/02-14:07:23

i was worried my notifications were fucked up but it's twitter that's fucked up ffs

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Damn that's crazy to think about. I'll be a senior in college  

Fucking lying ass bitches...when the truth comes out

Sad to get an email this a.m. that Bistro Bordeaux is closing on Easter after 7 years. That place has much heart as well as excellent food.

There'll never be a more perfect video on my phone #ERS2017 #ERSSydney #SydneyRoadshow 

Did you miss subs missive on: #Mistress brings me to my senses - the history  #journey

The Best Peanut Free Spread Available, Just Like PB, But with Better Nutrition! 

Hi Baby! Wanna play with my pussy? mom waiting for you here. ->  

Today at this event I was catering for, literally the WHOLE food station went untouched except for one lady who mowed for everyone

people gotta realize that words do fucking hurt even if you are joking

That's on my whole life with you) Lil mama bust a sexual thing Can u know our time is really precious And u get with you)

He loves spanking my pussy before he fucks it. He says it makes it more sensitive. I certainly feel him more 

Me and Fennec and Raccoon just got our bus object out and already got a ticket. Too bad I never pay tickets!

I HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT TO MAKE. I AM SHUTTING DOWN MY TWITTER ACCOUNT. HAHAHA APRIL FOOLS HAHAHAHA sigh move along nothing to see here

Shahs of Sunset's Golnesa "GG" Gharachedaghi Addresses Shalom Reconciliation Rumors 

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

'Prison Break' Creator Breaks Down Premiere's Mysterious Michael Twist  #television 

#tgdn #auspol #Breaking #MAGA FOX: Trump Surveilled Before Nomination, Agencies with Info Blocked Nunes for Weeks 

For real though, we need to be praying for our men and women fighting out there right now because this is a dangerous moment in history.

Don't have an social media, software and internal web team? Contact us today! Make everyone web envious! 

Spring flowers from my dog walks this week! Vast numbers of black eye susans and a solitary bluebonnet. #springti…… 

TripAdvisor and VisitScotland deal 'could bring £150m tourism boost'  

All I wanted was some fucking tea NOT TO LOOK DEATH IN THE FACE

Is it too early to have lunch at 10am??? ;) Oh I love mixed up days like these!!! #IDoWhatIWantTheWayIWantIt 

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

This is cute? only cute? Take everything from me except my dog and throw me there!! 

Couldn't she just say I have nice hair and keep it moving. I don't know why but that has always stuck with me.

Look who has written the article. LOOK... They're probably Snapchat buddies. H:*click* Suing survivor LOL S: *cli… 

Let's go through the car wash together I'll pay   I just wanna watch it go through the thing 

Sir Roger Casement – The Man Hanged As a Traitor Who Took on The Devil  

Top 5: 1: Don Rickles 2: #SyriaHoax +2 3: Charley Hoffman -1 4: #RejectedPunkBandNames -1 5: #NuclearOption

Harry Styles Admits He Didn't Play 'Sign of the Times' For Any of His One Direction Bandmates 

#NowPlaying  The world will never see another crazy motherfucker like you  ♫ 

Moana was nice. my 3 year old niece singing along was iffy. couldn't hold the notes properly. bit pitchy as well 7/10

#quote If you feel alone just think of the goodness of God in your life and the people who really love you. Don't forget God is there.

I'm sitting here like I don't have a wedding to get ready for. And I have to get in spanx. Shoulda started an hour ago.

I was reminded again today that if a doctor tells you something that doesn't sit right, trust your gut and get a 2nd opinion, always!

Arsene Wenger remains coy on future and claims Arsenal board have NOT set top four target this season 

BITCH NO you stupid, thats not a good thing 

i swear to fckgn god if they make lance the red paladin iM GFHJ... idk what ill do but ill be really upset so please dont do that :(

#angelique morgan fucking thailand sex slave 

Chairperson of ANC does not understand its resolutions then what is he leading ? Common sense is very dangerous.

the only eichi ships i approve of are eiwata and eimugi angst (i won't read anything where they stay together) everything else is poison

Appeal to track down Oxford United Japanese fan's treasured flag lost at Wembley 

I keep retweeting my own tweets bc I'm preparing for when I mysteriously vanish off the face of the earth. Gotta leave y'all w good tweets.

You feel invincible because everything you do now furthers you... More for Cancer 

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

IFF Panama: ‘1977, The Treaty: Son of Tiger and Mule’ Explores how Panama Took Over its Canal… 

Sid the kid is great at spearing and slashing off fingers.... just saying #sidney 

JAK AND DAXTER GAMES FOR THE PS4 HOPE THAT ISN'T A FUCKING LIEEEEE

I fear this so fucking bad 

We're partnering with UNC Asheville Humanities Program to sponsor a free film screening this Thursday evening to... 

1. when yo momma was living on MY great grandfather land y'all had this trailer busted tf up. and MY grandma fixed it.

God I hate him, Hannah isn't a slut you're a man whore SUCK A DICK

Pak ambassador to US appreciates students to serve community  

260 mill. people! 300 languages! 34 province! 6000 populated islands! thats my #indONEsia! #Papuanpride #coolfacts 

#5YearswithEXO Five years ago, we watched boys grow. Now you are kings, we are still here with you. 54

Are you fucking kidding me 

My Senior year I'm not sitting in this boring ass ceremony! My father just going have to get tf over it   

Bhutto refused and caught by surprise.. Nawaz sharif can't handle surprises at all so he didn't take any risk.… 

I purposely go to work looking my worst so they know not to piss me off

phantom turned evil in the end, just like they always insist ghosts will. fenton may be a fucking loser who died immediately but. not him

People be so opinionated with the dumbest fucking opinions !

Chinese Girl Tries American Chinese Food  #chinese_girl #tries 

Loved #TheWalkingDeadfinale but how did Shiva the Tiger know who to attack? Or am I reading to much into a series which is based on Zombies?

Fr it's a cold ass world   ‍ 

 ← ← download #bokep Cashier and Customer Fucked in Store #ngentot #tantebugil

#nake litter girl fucking period piece porn 

Wind 1,0 m/s NE. Barometer 1026,5 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 6,9 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 74%

TS Aubrey and Jessy sucked and fucked 

#w ass hole fucking videos 

The Nike Air Max 95 gets a Silver Bullet makeover. Available April 15th for $160  

This bitch at my job just too ugly to be mad  like not even all that makeup she wears can help her 

My cats are stalking a fly and one is mimicking the flys wing sounds. Kinda creating me out it sounded like a rapto… 

#NamiKim's WEBSITE - Dogs rescued from the terrible #DogMeatTrade #SouthKorea #HelpNamiKim  

Virtue Signalling #Pepsi face Twitter backlash for 'tone-deaf' protest advert #BoycottPepsi 

Your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you... More for Gemini 

Who wants a Follow/Dm?   RT and Like my pinned tweet of my Symphony Cover    Gonna be sliding into your DMs all day  GO GO GO  

nah bruh this shit horrible 

i hate how my generations thoughts and views on things is so fucked up

Spring break is finally here. Guess what I'm going to do? Yup, lots of writing. #poetry #amwriting #CampNaNoWriMo

Love seeing pro athletes laugh and smile during their games. After all the work and ups and downs getting there, they still love the game

Found a Transponder Snail! Who made the escape from Impel Down a success?  #TreCru 

Well, that's us fucked today then #COYS 

 we are fucking goddamn stupid IDIOTS holy shit

ok I need to figure out what happened to me bc I can no longer take good selfies this is some serious shit

Me: Here's what I would do...but if you ruin your life it's not my fault so idk Also me: But if it goes well it was totally my idea

Dining Table Contemporary Home Kitchen Furniture Wood Grain Top Black  #Table #Furniture 

I'm really getting tired of my coworkers playing old songs and making a big ass deal when I don't know them lmao

I know I'm a fuckup and I've made a lot of really bad decisions and done some stupid shitty things but I try really fucking hard and no

DAY 32: Pray for a SAT-7 series that offers first aid skills to refugees who cannot access healthcare… 

Find horny cam girls from here  #camgirl #live_sex #horny Sign up and get fucked by a MILF… 

And guess what, friends. You don't have to wait til New Years. Any month, any day, any hour you can be a new person. Breathe. Center.  

Up at 2am, still sick, dr. Pissing me off, ugh it's almost spring break, I just wanna be well! whine,sniffle,cough,cry! 

I wonder why you keep thundering,won't you just fucking rain ....

We can catch Chelsea - Pochettino rallies Tottenham for final push  

I love Gavin's work. I've been following him for years and think he does some tremendous work. I especially love... 

Limited edition of the day. I really love this #N64 set. Here are three versions fron the NA, EU and JP regions.… 

Tighten Your Skin and Remove Wrinkles in 90 Seconds. You Won`t Believe How EASY It Is -  

: husky, yet undemonstrative: maximizing and resorbablea plaint is a strivea batting is a gratuity: dysphoric and spent

i won't fucking allow myself to be stepped on bitch so DONT ME

Life is hard as it is, the least you can do is fill your heart with love for yourself and for everything you are.

To Bad we beat your ass in 2007 #GiantsPride 

u ever get so frustrated u just want to beat the fuck outta urself

Taxi ride givaway Ann Arbor! Big savings from Lyft trumps Uber. Lyft credit code GUESTS is a killer promo. Good bucks.

It's a cold day in hell when Sergio is still in contention after 45 holes

To all those innocent women and children in syria who were tortured to death due to chemical weapon. God is not dead, God has seen it.

Over Half of All Buyers Are Surprised by Closing Costs  

00:49 Temp. 3.4°C, Hum. 90%, Dewp. 1.4°C, Bar. 1024.7 hpa, Rain Today 0 mm, Wind 18° 1.0 km/h #Steepleclaydon #weather

Freedom Caucus is tea party with new name or farther right agenda? #alternativefacts #resist #Trumpcare… 

I'll get a FaceTime when I'm around someone from one of em and they be so shocked like bitch u know him  

#Warcraft I am man, I don't want to transfer my max evel toons. But I want to play elsewhere. This expansion, even with ap catch up

SWAMP Pro-Line Series Guitar Lead - Neutrik NP2X-B - Braided Jacket - 5m  

You're looking forward to taking a break from the serious side... More for Aquarius 

Girls who pretend to be stupid for boys make me so fucking sad

2016 National Treasures DeAndre Hopkins Signatures autograph auto  #Football 

Some bitches got a bad habit of thinking everyone want them don't get yah feelings hurt  

Words have fallen silent like soldiers to the grave,No matter what they do or say,Lay me on the sleepy meadow by the tracks upon your face.

Prosecutors consider seeking death penalty against man accused of raping, killing his girlfriend’s 4-year-old son… 

It's Sunset, Fair and 25 C. For tomorrows weather click  . Goodnight from Prockie.

#Tennis Serena Williams Dress M Maxi with Layering Top Set Taupe Beige  #SerenaWilliams

Jojo's graphism is different from what I thought. (It is not really 3D for JoJo's Bizarre Adventure (2012))

Private banking in general belongs not to the state but has a financial group, can be the property of a person, physical or moral status.

April Fools' Day is a light-hearted comedic day of cheer, practical jokes and hoaxes. How did you prank your friend… 

I'm working on a c64 side project but nothing to show for it yet so I wrote about the development tools used instead 

Day 1 post radio; felt like I had food poisoning all morning, then became an exhausted bag of itches that can't be scratched all afternoon.

If you fucked yo bitch over for some money you a foul ass bitch   

[SB Nation: Silver And Black Pride] - Zach Brown finally makes his choice: Mr Brown goes to Washington 

Building applications for AI demands real intelligence from developers Artificial intelligence apps that learn... 

New 5 Yards 1''(25mm) Printed Dot Grosgrain Ribbon Hair Bow DIY Sewing #01  

PLEASE DONT TEXT AND DRIVE IF YOU HAVE YOUR FUCKING KIDS IN THE CAR

 <-download Cashier and Customer Fucked in Store #ngentot #porn #xxx

The fact that I was too fucked up to answer my bday s/o geeks me

I've got a serious craving for something involving a lot of cheese... like to the point that it's distracting me from studying.

You might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t... More for Scorpio 

"Life Moves on Another Day" In loving memory of Christina Cupani. (1962-2002) #poncedeleon… 

Camila on stage: A MOTHER FUCKING CONCEPT? I THINK SO 

'Unparalleled' number of dinosaur tracks found in Australia  

See you all tonight! Bring your Bibles! Dinner will be provided  3037 Old Jacksonville Road 

I go to ulta and see a lipstick for $7 and be like wow thats kinda pricey and then go to Mac and see one for $18 and be like wow what a deal!

Niggas rather be known and broke instead of low-key and getting chicken

Poor Trump..nothing can get done with these idiotic Republicans..traitors!

11 best wordpress contact form plugins compared - 2017 He may stumble upon a live chat box on the bottom right hand corner of the site, ...

Fucked all of y'all bitches so they parties don't invite me

Cute print for the playroom! Original art by Kathryn Voss. For sale in our Gallery Shop. --… 

You only have a few hours left to take advantage of the April Fools Discounts at PBP. Grab my packs quick - deals... 

#tittie fucking nude swedish girls 

are you fucking telling me i woke up at god damn 1 am just for the hits to say theyre playing it at 8? im gonna lose my fuckinf head.

Hello people in #Paris, #London, #NYC and elsewhere! Watch Eloise (2017) here:  

Disable buttons for a response from the first quote in the message  #Vnulletin

A guy in line told me he was buying steak to surprise his wife with a dinner since she got a new job."I can't help it, I love her too much" 

War over Water: ISIS and U.S. Battle over Massive Dam that Could Shape Syrian Conflict 

Well done - Attendance and Punctuality: St Anne’s and St Anthony’s; House Points this week: Vincentians; House Points this term: Franciscans.

I'm chopping my hair today and I'm so fucking NERVOUS wtf

Indeed....push up the Rand, until you are ready to profit from a fall...timing is everything....chess is similar 

Amazon SEO expert and amazon product sals increase.I Can your product any page to first page.. my wwork guarantee 

Lyf is fucked up n ppl dnt care, they are jus lukn out for themselves...

#hindi sex films fucking nude women vedio u tube 

♡Ð RARE Vintage UNGARO PARIS France HAUTE COUTURE Runway Statement ROSE N... Retweet  

jk there's others characters i love, i just don't like eren, which is a problem since he's like, the protag,

FiduciaryNews Trending Topics for ERISA Plan Sponsors: Week Ending 3/31/17  #fiduciary #401k #IRA

Bob Marley - Could You Be Loved   #Evergreens #Webradio #NowPlaying 

Conor Cherry would want to keep his fucking day to himself now

#cricket Umesh missing out was a surprise for us: Gambhir: Kolkata Knight Riders captain… 

This is gonna happen tomorrow, guys! U can hear me now "UGH, TAKE YOUR FUCKING LIBRIUM AND GO TO BED YOU FUCKING SA… 

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

If someone heard mine and Macie's convo in Applebees they'd think we were idiots    

I am so proud of this kid! He's gonna do big things. Touring colleges with his team, Playing hard and showing them… 

Impossible! The are pro-lifers! Oh! Only when it comes to controlling a woman's vagina. They really don't care if… 

I don't care how many times I try to understand Bitcoin, it doesn't make sense to me. It's like PayPal, but useless.

Ian Wright and Danny Murphy defend Chelsea's Diego Costa over Vincent Kompany kick allegations 

This one group gets 70 percent of high-skilled foreign worker visas and Trump promises to go after them 

I won at Los Angeles stage with 98 points! Challenge me now![ #Bowling_King 

Tina Fey is furious at white women who voted Trump: ‘You can’t look away because it doesn’t affect you’ - 

It could seem like there are invisible boundaries in place tha... More for Aquarius 

Life is looking good meet someone from New York who is proving that New Yorker s are not all stuck on themselves

#it's sad that the opposition has brain washed us so much that we believe that anything that is said by media owned by capitalist is right.

Wow. The Glastonbury lineup has just offered up another must-see, The Moonlandingz. Beautifully mental

As a Muslim, I fail to see why we should care about causes and groups all over the world simply because we happen... 

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

1 Chicago News Search Businesses (Obama aide denies using intel to spy on Trump advisers) 1 Chicago News and Search - 

Conor McGregor Boxing Drills for Mayweather Fight (VIDEO)  

The American Conservative is great because it's equal parts Daniel Larison doggedly reporting on Saudi atrocities a… 

Serial Rapist Adult Migrant to Be Tried As Juvenile In Murder of EU Official’s Daughter 

ThisGirlSucks - Skinny Teen Deepthroats Huge cock. Free Access to Big cock loving teens:  

I usually throw invisible flowers while saying "death" before I do the things that make me nervous...and I realize that's fucked up. #wtaf

Mouth breathers are people who breathe through their mouth rather than their nose when they sleep.… 

New York Giants: Don't Use First-Round Pick On Tight End  

When u have a kid u learn to not let their father disrespect u andu just stop dealing with it.. cause u wouldnt want ur daughter goin thru it!

Man sentenced to jail for lying on concealed carry firearm license  

Association #TransCommunication - Sidereal Time EVP Study — call for participation  #itc

 <EMOJI>️ SHOCKING NEWS OUT OF LONG BEACH!!! (Get it? Shocking? Electric buses?   Hello, is this thing on...?)<EMOJI>️  

When people react negatively to you, turn it into something positive. Don't stoop to their level. Appreciate all th… 

My paperback copy of Pride and Prejudice, Milo Ice cream and Elvis..... It's a good Saturday night in.

Cardinals to announce a contract extension for Stephen Piscotty later today  #MLB #Baseball 

APPLE AIRPODS NEW BLUETOOTH HEADPHONES HEADSET WIRELESS iOS iPhone iPad Mac  

I'm naturally vulgar y'all know this but you still said you like cock in your throat so L 

Say what you will about casting white folks where they have zero place being cast and denying other actors major care… 

Don’t be too confident when someone tells you they like you. The real question is, until when? Because just like seasons, people change.

9 Sales Email Templates to Inspire Urgency in Your Prospects  

The dystopian themes of Harry Styles first solo song, Sign of the Times will help seal its reputation in the future. It's quite zeitgeist

Who's doing the work of a president on Syria. Nikki Haley or her idiotic boss ?

"That's why you're famous, that's why everybody knows your name, you're the boy who lived" fave line of Hagrid  

New on Ebay!! Pokemon PSA 10 Charizard! Reverse Holo Box Topper Legendary Collection S1 NO RES… 

"New Female Sex Robots With C-Cups Boobs And Male With Bionic Penises Are Expected For Human Pleasure By 2025 

When it comes to making motorcycles that are capable of taking things to extreme, BMW Motorrad is the brand for you 

Going to a #BarrettJackson auction and buying a car has been on my bucket list for a while...and so has this car   

#Liverpool must target top four next season, says Jamie Carragher #Liverpool 

New York Poacher Pleads Guilty to Shooting Conservation Officer | #OutdoorDigest 

I just stopped trying to fuck with boys because it always ends bad    

My Blizzard Gear shipment was delayed! Was totally looking forward to wear my well played shirt at the Fireside I'm going to tomorrow  

The goodie bags are looking goody. #tcnz2017 #techcomm #ux #welovestationery 

The ABC is cutting jobs, remember?. ABCNews24 is now just ABC News. It's time to kiss u know what for funding for t… 

#woocommerce memberships plugin is eating all the RAM in WP (512mb) and killing the site. Anyone see this before?

1 Bottle 10ml Born Pretty Shiny Rose Gold Nail Polish UV Gel Soak Off UV Varnish  

I report at DSS office daily, not detained – Ifeanyi Ubah  

Bill had the Monica Missles. DRUMPF now has his Tomahawk Tantrum. #NoMoreWars 

The liqueur alone is a smooth blend of raspberry, vanilla, honey, and handsome male species... Fuckin' YUMM!

TechCrunch: Fae is a new open-source content management system based on Rails  by fredericl

Nasty putain reel amateur obtient ejaculations 

Either way I'm chasing after something I have never had. Woke up today feeling as hungry as I ever have.

I guess what goes around comes around. Honestly, where did they found these ICE officers, from the white supremacis… 

my nonkpop friend watching kuanlin's meringue video: is he okay? he looks so confused and i am very concerned about this child

Today us #NationalReadARoadMapDay I wonder how many of the people I know actually know how to read a road map #sorrygooglemaps

This is only the 2nd round of fighting between Islamic State And Look how many 10,000s of their fighters dead Imagine The 3rd Round  

First listen: Hear a gorgeous song from the Groundhog Day Broadway cast album  

If there's a word you in risk of hearing very often from J. Malema besides ANC and JZ is "Disingenuous" , let's learn from this people guys   

Help me get the word out that my online #Jewelry shop has one of a kind necklaces and leather bracelets.… 

!Exposed! How EFCC linked Saraki, aides to N3.5 billion Paris Club refund (MUST READ) 

Let's take a look on how the entire dance has fattened the pockets of so many investors.  

#NNM is over, but April is an opportunity to consistently keep ur best forward!Keep filling your   w/lots of fruits /veggies for balanced  .

Damn that would've been crazy 

Them Z6NE niggas are evil     they cause nothing but heartache and headaches     

Lucas' attitude is just a no. Hype for no damn reason. And this alpha male title he keeps using to justify his actions   #BKChatLDN

after like fucking up 100+ times trying to record this here's my exhausted self and my progress on 4MINUTE's 'HATE'… 

Murkrow 95.6% IV (14/15/14) with Feint Attack and Dark Pulse has spawned until: 04:17:03am (0m 57s). 

#MLB Wire: Masters 2017: Every star has a different approach to prepare for the Masters  

8:30 guys! Come check it out! Or you can live stream it here:  

Let the nostalgia hit | New Headgear Classics AI, Lebron, and Kobe High School Jerseys online -->… 

It's #RCB TIME BOWLED EM! Rishabh Pant BOWLED ! Pawan Negi Stuart Binny #RCBvDD #अपराधी_केजरीवाल Jadhav… 

Bet that you know them, I won't say no names After a while, girl, they all seem the same I've had sex four times this week; I'll explain

If You Get Any of These 10 Text Responses From a Girl…She’s Just Not That Into You 

A new approach to dining, spirits and events, The Foundry is coming to West Des Moines, starting this fall. 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

I could've been six feet under I could've been lost forever Yeah I should be in that fire But now there's fire inside of me

#Aries doesn't care if it's 1am, 2am 3am, or 4am. If you call and they care about you... They will answer.

This cold kicking my ass has me whimpering into #NationalPoetryMonth

PLAY #bingo - Spend GBP10 play with GBP60 with #Comfy Bingo -  

Wind 2.4 km/h S. Barometer 1022.6 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 11.9 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 76%

Economic basis for #Brexit: #deindustrialisation not #globalisation is key part of the story, Jim Tomlinson #EHS2017 

Oh the Republicans are outraged that the Democrats plan to filibuster Gorsuch. Remember Judge Garland? Karma is hell isnt it?

We've got a couple of amazing offers on this month. Until the end of April, we're offering 30% off your first... 

Knicks, Kristaps Porzingis (22 pts, 7 reb) drop Heat, Goran Dragic (22 pts) into tie for No. 8 seed in East with 9… 

Yooooo just saw a fucking Barn Owl sitting on a fence post as Kris and I drove by, that's so fucking coooollll

I love Danny. I love his humor and the way he cares about the people he loves. Steve and the team would be so different without him. #H50

its impossible to please the car community today. everyone judges you down to the air freshener you use.

Dead Pawn Native American Sterling Silver 6mm Bead Necklace  

Every time I sing fucking with me this nigga be like I hear you   

Differential Brands Group Inc $DFBG Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research 

You long to be the center of attention, but you can take your ... More for Leo 

If he wants to be Inspector General of Police so bad, he should resign his presidency first. 

This track fucking goes     

When your school wants you to use twitter for TOK class, but all of your tweets are about how much you hate the IB program ‍ 

  In #liveme,ain't nothing like a weekend with no obligations holls.  

If one more person claims that Trump is cannily trying to "distract" us with his tweets, I'm going to punch a wall

lol if u watch the first fast and furious and then watch the latest one, u realise how much of a joke its become

Why You Should Create A Music Playlist For Your Next Meeting | Fast Company  

I love persona but once u have to plan how to improve your friendships and stats I die bc I always do them wrong and end up weak and dying  

im a level 56 wulf. I cast 3 shadows and one of them isnt even mine. its an astral projection of beowulfs shadow from 2002

#inspiration Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrow's good luck. -Og Mandino #quotes #followme

"Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong." - Peter T. McIntyre

Lol she got upset and her and the people she was with walked away from me. I rly feel so bad for some reason even tho it never happened   

My friend, my son's teacher, fellow political activist but most of all a loving and caring person. Rest well Karen. 

And I still hate your ass, But I can't escape your ass

Today a guy wearing a Cubs hat yells to his small son, "Banks! What are you doing?" I'm thinking...Awesome name, Dad! #GoCubs #LetsPlay2

Entertaining and topical speech from Mr Justice Keehan on Publicity in Financial Remedy Proceedings #resconf17… 

#DonaldTrump is a master manipulator. Send two messages to him: one in 2018, and one in 2020. #VoteTheGOPOut… 

DELO JUST TOLD A GROWN BITCH SHE IS STILL GETTING FUCKED ON TWIN SIZE BEDS    

#MLM Recruiting Secrets – 5 Tips for Presenting Like A Pro  #BizTips 

You are getting corporate checks now ask your social media intern to comb through your tweets and delete the incrim… 

#cerita tentang sex he is going to kick your fucking ass 

Heaven?! Heaven,sweetie, I'm SO sorry, I'm sorry that an ugly ass bitch like this would even say that 

But anyway ya if I ever get to feeling better anytime soon I'll probably maybe play through the massacre ending

A DIY Fire Feature is perfect for Spring patios ! Thanks to the RACHAEL RAY Show, HOMETALK and… 

if your mindset is "money over everything" you're gonna be very lonely and unhappy lmao idk just saying

SATURDAY NIGHT PARTY has begun with the GORGEOUS Little Darlings Oklahoma Showgirls ! Wish you were here! ;)... 

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 401 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

Enquiry for Paul in August collect on 03/08/2017 #Durham #NorthEast #RentACampervan #RentACampervanDurham Link:… 

i've just watched episode S01E06 of 13 Reasons Why!  

The school I work for that charges 1/2 million baht a semester for preschool is doing just fine, but the workers ar… 

Does he know his tweets contradict half of what he says? The other half is usually just bold face lies. 

Looking to expand your knowledge and skill set? We have a fantastic range of CPD training available -… 

Rick and Morty season 3 is here I'm so fucking hyped 

Figure skating - Virtue and Moir cap comeback with third world title  

Patent application suggests Disney is developing robots, including "humanoid robots,"...  by… 

I've been going to sleep earlier and as a result I've been having nothing but bad dreams. I can't win.

Melania Trump’s Official Portrait Stepped Out Of The And … :  . 

Fucked my arm up really bad from a screw on my chair  

Petite redhead chick fucked in a taxi 

 Womens High Top Rock Zip Lace Up Rivet Strap Trainer Sneaker Ankle Boots white 7 

submitted couples fucking videos 

"If there is a GOD then there must be a GODDESS and beside every great man stands a strong   … 

"I am a camera with its shutter open, quite passive, recording, not thinking." -Christopher Isherwood

Big Liberty Little Rock '17 features National Libertarian Party Vice Chair Arvin Vorha 

should be a prenatal test to find out if you're gonna have one of those kids with tiny teeth and giant gums.

Great work by agencies working together to minimise impact on the community. ^PS 

The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake. -Meister Eckhart 

First published story for  in the capacity of an independent journalist. Also a member of... 

Do you have a wet room in your house? What do you love about it?  #homedecor #bathroom

Also telecon has gone back to referring to things by the name of famous senior dude on paper, not actual 1st author of the work.   

I really want to like LVP, but she constantly takes digs and pushes where she knows it will hurt. #RHOBH

Yoga for Women’s #Health: buy now $19.95 Internationally known teacher and women’s…  #sale

"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." George Bernard Shaw #quote

Thank you to UNC CH Cohort 22 for visiting Oakview today. I hope you enjoyed your time! 

I'm deleting the following people from my FB "friends" list come midnight as I am just sick and tired of your... 

Along with Obama and Hillary Clinton. These people are worse than Isis without The Killing 

Check out Jenna Elfman in this new show Tune-In Tuesdays at 9:30/8:30c on ABC For #SeeImaginaryMary #ad... 

The GAME OF GOLD - 'We have to be allies if we hope to survive" - "Because the dark clouds of war are fast... 

Sad! Nollywood Hit With Another Tragedy as Actress Dies During Childbirth  

the 343i loop: 1. Dont fix a Bug 2. Say you know about it for a long time 3. Try too fix it, but fail hard 4. .......... 5: Profit

HISPANIC FRIENDS: "DO YOU KNOW HOW TO SPEAK SPANISH?" ME: "YEAH I TOOK IT IN HIGH SCHOOL" THEM: "PROVE IT" ME: 

4 Times Elon Musk absolutely Rocked Twitter – And What You Can Learn From It  

Wells Fargo's troubles mount as proxy adviser urges shareholders to reject six directors 

Another Donald Trump-Russia contact: Eric Prince met with Russian sources just before inauguration 

THAT GOAT IS EVIL. DONT TRUST THAT GOAT! Imma Seduce it. >:I DONT DO IT! Im Gunna do it~ NOOOOOO!

#girl gets fucked in detention nude girls sucking 

if you got on timbs today you fucking stupid ain't no motherfucking way bitch!

#Glenmark Pharma reports Positive Results from a Phase 3 Trial of GSP 301 studied for tre... Read more:  $532296

It's sad to see a bad bitch with a wack ass guy /:

Smart Connect -  #SmartConnect #приложение #обзор #совет 

cath kidston double duvet and pair pillowcases floral  

Vague Visages Short Stories: The Caveat by Dan Thorn  

[RecentQuestions] OAuth: Long running access in downstream systems - how to refresh token?  [sec.stackexchange]

m1 playful relationships are just try this woman is how engagement beim ersten mal eine solche leute

No matter where I am, no matter where you are, I’ll be there when its over baby. Cause I was there from the start. TANNER ForStarMusic TMI

So today i finally gave the presentation on steve's lesson Not to the class, but only to him Then we talked a bit and it was nice 

Eating fruit salad is like an entrepreneur having many great ideas and not knowing which one is best suited for her. 

The Most Amazing #Investments Available Anywhere!  #Investing #Investors #Blockchain… 

Syria isn't our fucking war It's Israel or Turkeys not the US's war

THAT FUCKING #GOTS7 TEASER THO AHHHHHH!!! 

Fruits de Mer ‘Seafood bar’ - combination of cold crustaceans and… 

Idiots everywhere... Everything what happens now is an insult to L's and my intelligence...

The finale of March Madness signals the slowest time in sports. *sigh* Guess I'll get excited about The Masters

Words like 'sex' and 'porn' have been blocked - Twitter now censoring search terms ... #TwittersPornPurge2017 

Melinnials have NO idea how to get through the fucking bathroom line. Move it ladies.

Dog I can't fucking breathe 

37.8% Bayleef! (3,12,2) Move1: Razor Leaf Move2: Energy Ball Available until 04:10:19pm (29m 3s). 

im proud to announce that today me and gross gore have made the decision to combine slaystars and reddit to make the clan reddit stars!

#TripleTalaqArrest Its high time our Naton Muslim Women shld b free frm binding of Triple Talaq. Its making life of Muslim Women miserable

Beautiful People - The Complete Series (DVD, 2006, 4-Disc Set) Viewed Once FREES  

Your obligations weigh you down now when you would rather be f... More for Sagittarius 

Sick to shit of missed chances and fucking draws. Badly need to get a ruthless striker in the summer

This is a good moment to recall Obama's hot mic msg to Putin about...  by #LindaSuhler via… 

DAY 18: The Master's Hammer and Chisel / Ab Intervals (from T25)  It's hard having a routine with all the travel... 

A day at the park    4.4.17 #adayatthepark #pinkertonpark #franklintn #cousins… 

Trump's EPA head doesn't even think carbon emissions cause global warming . Pretty sure they aren't interested in C… 

Today is going to be a super long day. But after that comes the start of our wonderful vacation as a reward.

And I may move back if it annoys too much but for now, I'll roll with it btw, for people wanting to follow, it's 

girls be comin over on Xanax just annoying the fuck outta me

me: i wonder who the new ghouls are ghost community couple of days after: here are the names of everyone and their pet

last year by this time i didn't even listen to infinite but look at me now making a full thesis for someone to start stanning them

I wish I was with my mom..or my boyfriend..or in a fucking Kaiser hospital bc I'm dying someone help  

Own a property in fast growing areas like Lekki, Arepo and Abuja, call sandworth properties on 01-4538555.

Social media firms faces huge hate speech fines in Germany: The German government approves… 

fucked my girlfriend in her sleep 

CROCS: Brand Ambassadors Henry, DrewBarrymore, JohnCena, Yoona #ComeAsYouAre Youtube  FB… 

After I became a mom, I lost all my friends and I'm okay w/ that. My priorities are just different now.

I'm quite impressed with the argument analysis essays my comp students wrote over their peers' term paper drafts. Constructive and insightful.

Seek the Kingdom of God above all else, and live righteously, and He will give you everything you need. Matthew 6:33 

Can someone else take a fucking call at this help desk

The power (and harm) of asking questions  #BestKeptSelf 

Words never causes any hurt on its own, it’s the meaning that we give that causes hurt. #Life #Relationships… 

#SAFC players and backroom staff wearing black armbands this evening. Assume that is in honour of John O'Shea's father #SAFC

Local-Temp : 26.00 Local-Humidity: 53.90 Remote-Temp : 0.00 Remote-Humidity: 0.00 Time: 455667883 Counter: 0 Sensor: OK IAmArduino.

15'' White Marble Square Center Table Seashell Stone Inlay Furniture Outdoor Art  

Come join us tomorrow morning as Pastor Larry continues his sermon series, "I WILL". For the month of April the... 

The gym has my elbow FUCKED up. #andhaileysabitch #goodbye

Unnecessary censorship is worse for you than the actual words in my opinion. Simply because most minds are darker than you'd admit.

On the blog: Helping aging parents help themselves  #edmonton #YEG #CofE #alberta… 

Be thankful for all the struggles you go through. They make you stronger, wiser and humble. Don't let it break you. Let it make you.

I was in love she came first before my homies like fuck it Im bout to get yo name tatted on me like...

While adaptability is often a useful trait, your infamous stub... More for Taurus 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#ElectroHarmonix Nano Signal Pad Attenuator Guitar Effects Pedal... Features: - True bypass. -… 

If you snore leeme go to sleep before you because I might leave yo ass if yo shit to vicious..

I JUST CHOKED ON MY FUCKING QUESADILLA 

and#39;Sugeand#39; Knight drops Michael Jackson attorney in murder case #SugeKnight  #SugeKnight

Open thread for night owls: Five promising signs that single-payer may be picking up steam  

Like he's fucking annoying. It seriously took him like 30 years to listen to 13 tapes. LIKE BITCH.

The port of #Hudaydah is the 1 and only entry point for humanitarian aid and food to #Yemen #EndYemeSiege

acmc_clock_asia: #Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Tokio, J for now (05h58m01s UT): 04°23'32.8'' #Virgo (AC) / 01°11'22.1'' #Gemini (MC)

i love you so much! u fought a good fight baby!! mama loves you so soooo much    

Fucking Ryan on business from Chicago 

Another shot of yours truly on the #Robotech panel at #Wondercon. Glad to bring a jovial fan… 

A dumbed down politically chaotic U.S. w/a demented despot wanna-be surrounded by his family. Coming soon...the revolution will be televised

I'm glad we're giving reminders to Kings fans who feel like invading Sunday what the playoffs look like. 

Dratini 24.4% (8/0/3/Dragon Breath/Wrap) (27m 48s) Available until 22:39:29. 

Im fucking stupid should of got the tickets when yajaira told me

Crap why can't we ever see the idiots running around in the field!

Is that big-nosed Captain retard still there? 

this mayo cant control her bad ass kids and imma go crazy

1900 early Houdini Jail Breaker Vintage Style Escape Artist Magic Poster - 16x24  

Our friend and neighbour is climbing the #CNTower! Donate here to help the #WWF!  #CNTowerClimb

Do two unpublished books make you a failed author? No, you're a quitter  Just never ever give up.

I often hear the argument but if the punishment procedures are working why remove them? #habilitation… 

Descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today, even i... More for Gemini 

Hey Sergey Mozhzhukhin ! Thank you for the follow. Glad to have you here, and hope to make it worth your time. Che… 

Starting to run out of obscure French linguistic terms with as often as work forces password changes. #smh

I saw this lady walking down the street and I want to know who was she scamming. Honestly. Truly. 

have fun with game everyone, meanwhile i feel like my life is spryaling out of control but it's fine sleep will fix this

friedeggpajamas : aroceu that's what kinda feels right to me ig (via Twitter  #Prepzilla

FUCKING ZACH SLID IN PC AND I MISSED IT DAMN YOU KNJ VLOGS

bought a jeep grand cherokee srt yesterday. it’s such an awesome vehicle. glad it’s a little sunny today :)

#nonGMO #podcast may be the most important podcast you ever listen to.  

Republicans revive healthcare reform before spring recess – Politics Video  

It's anniversary #WhiteDay guys ! Hymn For The Weekend Hope forever grow up for the champion… 

Edit and polish my non-fiction book (45K words) 'The New Breed of Sales Professionals' - open to bidding by agrei… 

Addressing SDOH in serving duals is particularly important. SDOH is also important in SNPs and MMPS - Richard Bringewatt #MedicareAdvSummit

"I'll Take It From Here", Gowdy Just Shut Comey Up And Put Him In His Place - Conservative 101 

Cossy Orjiakor Speaks On Kemi Olunloyo’s Detention, Narrates Her Dog Experience With Pastors  

I'm missing my girlfriend so much and it's only been a week.. finally going to see her today and my heart is jumping like crazy

Judge Jeanine: DESTROYS!!! Paul Ryan “Failed” Trump On Healthcare Bill  

Forgot to wear my orange for opening day but luckily Traffic Jam J wore enough for the both of us! 

#Happenings Maduro tightens grip in Venezuela with high court 'coup'  

   Love   Love   Love regrann from michael_jacksonfanforever - Adorable! Remember he's the… 

Today was a good ass day. I got shit in my eye but that was about it. And took a nap, even… 

Doll was curled up in the small patch of tall grass, her breathing was short and weak. She got poison by a mean poison type earlier. "...."

This bad of dicks is wearing sunglasses at the gym. Either he's Cyclops from X-Men or he's finna get backhanded by the hand of God.

Rice never likes anybody else's lying skill but her own...at which she is just terrible. 

Be the Rubber Band, by CBM National intern, Cait Watts - Flexibility is an important quality to have in your... 

#MAGA Show you Support Mining AND Clean Water with support mining gear! We CAN have both!  

#Nissan teases all new Kicks #SUV, likely to launch in #India by end of 2017  

Lane slicer! To get featured send us your photo or video to   

The one time the New York Slimes try to be objective, and Nate Silver hates it. Nobody could have predicted it. 

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

If Azize doesn't read the letter I'm gonna read it to her on her death bed! I swear!!!#BirVatansever

Mom-That's why we don't need all of them damn papers on there Jeremy-Yeah jade! My 3 year old nephew has some sass  

Need to ensure we have the best workforce possible; this would be a high priority of mine - Dr. Gottlieb during #FDA commissioner hearing

There's a place I go to , Where no one knows me , It's not lonely It's a necessary thing , It's a place I made up 

A single book of matches gonna burn what's standing in the way. Roaring down the mountain, they're calling on the fire brigade...

Even tho I alrdy know everything that's gonna happen in desperate housewives I still get fuckin pumped when I watch it again

I've entered to #Win a £50 Spa Voucher from KalliKids. Enter here for your chance to win: 

Nope. It's all in your head and it's keeping you from being a better person through your ACTIONS. 

ASU_UTO: RT ASUgreen: One day. Four live pitches. $100K on the line. Who will win the ASU Innovation Open? RSVP:  #…

Some people just don't have the fucking guys for anything

#chihuahua "I get my free chihuahua sweater from here, just pay shipping"  

#cybersecurity Japan plans to develop a hack-proof satellite system  #infosec

IU is also the queen in making her managers as popular as her... from chipmunk manager to hunter manager too ^^ 

Cowabunga Forex System Daily Update: One possible signal. But did it meet all my rules?  

people are so fucking ignorant stop trying to voice your opinion on a topic you know nothing about

But if the dating rumors bout SungKyung and JooHyuk are true of course I'll be their happiest Fangirl ever gawd my OTP make this news be true

I'm listening to " อีกไม่นาน-จุ๋ย จุ๋ยส์ ". Let's enjoy music on JOOX!  (#JOOX)

Rogue traditional healers to be prosecuted - Bulawayo24 News  < About time.

Carey Mulligan dons forensic suit as she films Collateral  

WICHITA EISENHOWER NATIONAL Mar 30 Climate: Hi: 49 Lo: 41 Precip: Trace Snow: None 

The Soviets managed to accomplish total usurpation criminalization radicalization and grabbed under KGBists total mob monopolization

Everyone has that one guy no matter what they say y'all fucking

Thanks for your feedback on our products. At Makeup City our quality is the prime concern over what we se ... 

I don't think I could love #BabyGroot any more than I already do! #GotGVol2Event #GotGVol2 

Buyers should recognize the possible outcomes with this element of consideration. 

my bff always said there two types of weed : theres the one you use 1 hand to break down , the other you use 2 hands.

I fucking hate people I sWEAR 

Assessment of this month of March: ROI: + 4% NBA: + 9% Football: + 3% The month was difficult but we ended up larg… 

Oh, #AprilFoolsDay. You never fail to disappoint. I actually would’ve wanted to see this happen, since Facebook has… 

It could seem like there are invisible boundaries in place tha... More for Aquarius 

Knowledge Attitude and Practice towards #MedicationErrors and #ADRreporting among Medicine Students (Iran) 

EXO's Sehun shares future plans for upcoming solo album on Optimum Interview. 

Whoever thinks Spurs>Arsenal just end your sad fucking life.

Popcaan – In Love Lyrics - (Intro) Hear her nuh A the Teacher A nuh Spice Mi seh no baby A the prefect a go in ... 

I was able to comfortably afford to purchase a 50" tv and I'm really glad I chose a shitty/cheap apt for my first year here.  

Amazing achievement - listing them all! And a great contribution to the Global Tree Assessment… 

You prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg... More for Libra 

#501Hurricane Further to your great diagram, is this one. This is going to be a part of our model, the audience can… 

Cole's temper has never gotten in the way before... Maybe this was just a fluke and everything will get better movi… 

I can't wait until spring break. I'm definitely getting out of Cincinnati. Even if it's for a couple of days.

How did atra grow like a foot in 3-8 years she just fucking sprouted

Fucking Marly and me makes me cry every fucking time    

you know that kid in sex ed videos who's like 'how will I pee w a tampon!!' and they're like haha u fuckin dum dum you can't put shit there

Found a Transponder Snail! Battle rages in Upper Yard! Shandians vs. "Kami"!  #TreCru 

I like old school Chris brown. Old school Chris brown never went psycho on Rihanna, so I don't feel as guilty

Doing some guide updates! I'm too obsessive about the frames being cropped just right 0.0 

Tip of the Day! Good morning from all of us at The Grime Stoppers INC in Edwardsville Il, Glen Carbon, IL and St... 

Lana's new song is mediocre at best, but her lead singles have never been her strongest so I'm still putting my coins on her.

Truck mows down two persons in #Hengrabari; 1 killed: >  

I feel like Seungri bias fans no longer feel jealous whenever they see a pic of VI with girls. It's like a normal!! hahahahak

"It’s why we’re seeking answers to the big important questions like how we move the needle on income inequality" 

I never talked to those two. I "know" them because we went to the same elementary and yet idk how to describe or find a reason why

Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.  

These two little girls I just find them in Harrold's magazine in London ...fantastic 2 sisters 

For every £1 invested in public health an average of £14 will subsequently be returned to the wider health and soci… 

Meeting tomorrow to discuss the potential possibilities of #beingkarenalston Hmm hopefully it will fun

#nowplaying #craveradio Ain't Worried About Nothin (Donkis Animals Bootleg) - French Montana Vs Martin Garrix 

download #bokep Street Fucking 

IMMS Symphonic Band got straight 1's on stage (a perfect score!) and 2,2,1 in sight reading! Very proud of these ki… 

I feel bad but like damn you gonna put them girls out there like that 

Be #Nlighten we can make it happen! Order NOW - 09177090234  #Koreanmade #instanteffect 

VARSITY BASEBALL, 4/7/17 - NO PARKING IN THE BUS LANE DUE TO THE 4TH ANNUAL BGHS CAR SHOW. 

i woke up crying because i had a dream patrick and spongebob performed this big elaborate memorial thing because gary died

If you dickheads were as supportive to each as Khaled is to his friends or his son or like Lamelo Ballsacks dad is the world would be better

My answer to Does a lord of the 11th house in the 7th house mean a wealthy spouse or luck shine after marriage? 

Not happy about it but my parents wanted to watch GHOST IN THE SHELL. At least we're seeing in the best possible 3D theatre. There's that.

BREAKING: Magu, Emefiele, To Be Sacked, As Buhari Gives Fresh Directives Over The Disappearance Of Recovered Loot - 

Sunday is alway such a privilege.. I get to lead such an incredible church in worship with a… 

ALSO I FORGOT JULIETTE BINOCHE WAS IN IT I ALMOST FUCKING SCREAMED

My cat will flip if I try to give him a bath, but somehow I always find this dude chilling inside of the damn toilet.

#NowPlaying NaTasha "Ms.Music" Rogers - Begin For more of the REST of the best in gospel music, listen at… 

MatthewPhillips: ronlieber As long as you're on the topic, check out our student debt interactive. 

Making someone feel shit about themselves when they're doing something they love and going so far as to make them unlove what they do is sick

Apple will name its 10th anniversary smartphone the 'iPhone Edition'? Don't know how I feel about that.… 

Type of bitch deserve it all, who gon' compete with her? He use to have a cold heart Now my ring finger doin' the double dutch  

#inspiration A weed is a plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered. -Ralph Waldo Emerson #quotes #followme

I suggest Senate Democrats and Republicans go nuclear. Not metaphorically, but with an actual bomb. #filibuster #FilibusterGorsuch

imagine going on a date with Grayson and you walk into the restaurant to see him waiting on you with a rose  … 

Effects of prenatal exposure to #WIFI signal (2.45GHz) on postnatal development and behavior in rat  #EMF #ADHD

In the news: More than 1/3 of UK businesses lack adequate strategy to prevent #cyberattack  Contact Claritas for help

So i joined the Rush Comp chat to say ggs to rexi on that 4v4 and niggas getting mad for no reason 

Virginia counties getting grants to expand broadband access - WSET  #Virginia 

Rowan Blanchard -amazing inspirational activist -sooo talented -beautiful and intelligent -STOP. SLEEPING. ON. HER. 

Move Over, Kendall Jenner! Kylie Jenner's Modeling Pics Will Make Your Jaw Drop #HarryStyles #KendallJenner… 

yessss!! people underestimate this!!! they dont wanna gag and shit but do it!!! slurp on that dick!!!! 

Drug Company Owes $20 Million After Overcharging Veterans Affairs Department For Drugs  

I like how it's sexist to say women's basketball sucks. There being a 111 game win streak is bad for the sport. Highlighted that it's a joke

I am looking for a buyer on 1137 NE 17th Terrace Fort Lauderdale, FL. (YouTube Video:... 

.... says the little big brother, stomping his feet. Would anyone tame this child's temper, please? 

63.9°F: Dew point 55.8°F: Heat index 63.9: Wind NE: 6.0 mph.: Rain rate 0.0 per hr.: Year to date 6.3inches.: 3:37:58 am 4 02 2017

I fucked up a lot but tbh never once stopped thinking about you.

#TBT to after many years of controversy, the government has finally requested the Peter Nygard apply for permits... 

BBW PAWG girl gets ass fucked then eats cum 

GET YOUR DIPLOMA AND THEN FUCKING LEAVE JUST FUCKING GRADUATE THAT'S ALL IM FUCKING ASKING 

They See 5 Kids Suddenly Freeze On The Playground. Seconds Later, They Realized What Happened. 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

The fact that he was still recording blew me his ugly ass 

That huge white boy playing for Gonzaga legit supposed to be in college and he's already lost 75% of his hair  

OMG I DOWNLOADED T7S THINKING J WOULD HAVE TO START OVER BUT MY ACCOUNT IS STILL HERE????? IM ABOUT TO CRY I LOVE M… 

Holy fuck the feels in the fresh prince final episode when uncle Phil calls will son got me like 

IF  YOU  DONT  KNOW  SHIT  ABOUT  MILITARY STRATEGY  SHUT  THE  FUCK  UP  ABOUT  THE  GOD  DAMN  TOMAHAWKS

#sexy women naked and horny fucking latina college group sex party  

Vision Industrielle recently shared a #RoofingCompaniesinCollegeStationTexas #AsphaltRooferCompaniesinSpringTexas 

Being overly interested in something just cause we like it isn't cute either. and being a sweetheart w/o being ashamed can make a girl fall.

This nigga harden gonna pull up twice and miss bad 

Hard-working badger caught on video burying whole calf to feast on later: An enterprising pair of badgers caught… 

Beaded Earrings, Halloween, Day of the Dead, Coffin, Gothic, Flowers, Dia de los Muertos, Mardi..… 

Madden is dead cause it's April and only 40 people have a chance of playing for anything. End conversation

The fact that the NFL spring league starts in April so I don't have to watch boring ass baseball >>>>

My mind after every time I fucking hang out with you   

Worst feeling ever when you like someone and they couldn't give a shit

i hate this god damnt inconsistent team but here i am supporting them with my entire life 

#Omega Men's 32630405004001 Speed Master Analog Display Automatic Self Wind Silver Watch  

Not the best, but in under 2 days, not bad. I still gotta finish up some things, but I won't do that till I go to h… 

Some of them calling for NGRSenate to be scrapped will tomorrow say they want to contest for NASS positions. WATCH #IStandWithNASS

Don't miss out - there's something for everyone in Aylesbury town centre this Easter!  

Please RT ! #interiordesign #decoration My instagram  

Real Fucking With Homemade Bitch 

Ur focus speaks to others on several fronts, but it mainly conveys whether or not u believe in ur assignment! What's ur focus saying? #focus

What are we gonna do to make the whole South rise? Educate. Agitate. Organize. #beyondthemoment #Fightfor15… 

Life, liberty, and the pursuit of standing in a circle with your favorite people laughing at your own idiocy  .

Three future Morningside Mustangs heading out on prom night! One of my favs from yesterday! 

Dermatologist and anti-ageing skincare expert Dr Vivian is Tribe and Elan April cover girl 

Have you read pharmacy owners Ray and Saad Dinno's guest column in baystateparent? 

My sister pushed me in my arm hard as hell and I damn near wanted to turn around and knock her clean out.   

World Stock Markets Mixed; Traders Wonder If Bull Run In Equities Can Continue 

They got me guessing this year I don't know who the hell savitar is I'm mad they got us waiting till April 25th 4 t… 

Hiking with my mini me (she may not look like me but she's got my attitude) #divasarebornnotmade 

Wait. What? Why am I just now hearing about this? This is like one of my favorite shows of all time. 

Poverty is not being without money, But being without hope. #KuraYanguSautiYangu is our hope. #VijanaNiSasa #YouthsDeserveBetter

WTF PEOPLE ARE SICK MOTHERFUCKERS 

"Doctors Remove Tumor From Baby’s Heart While The Baby Was Still In The Womb" 

is it legal to start a nonprofit shelter in the U.S for refugees. Offer citizenship class and work programs to get em on their feet.

GOOOOOOOOOOAAALLLL GOOOOOOOOOOOAAALLL GOOOOOOOOOOOOAALLLL PEPE PEPE PEPE!!!! RENEW HIS FUCKING CONTRACT!!!               

But then again what is the norm? Sexually provocative behaviour? Using blanket feminism to excuse mistakes? Shaming others? We don't know.

Sun 13:14: Light Snow; Temp 0.1 C; Wind NNE 22 km/h; Humidity 85%; Press 101.3 kPa / falling; Health Idx 2.8.

#RaeLynn has not grown-up. Aging 5 yrs, whether 10-15, 15-20, or 17 to 22 yrs old does not constitute "#EarlyDays"! 

The future is looking bright for these young future dj's ... Godbless them and our art form 

lesbian fucking machine porn 

Been complaining all week about how my d of e bag is huge and now I can't even fit all my stuff in    

Colore Colored Pencils 72 Premium Pre-Sharpened Color Pencil Set #giveaway #forglory #News  

Groove Camp, you were amazing. Thankful.   #GrooveCamp2017 #P31Kenya #GreaterHeights 

My favorite Italian pastime is window shopping gucci and Prada with a gelato in hand listening to the saxophone players in the distance

man i seriously fucking hate drawing stuff i dont like

" One ... Two ... Three ... And four ... repeats steps one through three ... " ~    

During the #LAriots, the restaurants known as LAPD hangouts got hit the hardest with looting 

Please don't get involved in these dangerous and idiotic eating contests. 

You've been quoted in my #Storify story "Vote of no confidence against SA President " 

i thought i lost him forever especially bc we've only had him for a couple of days, i never expected him to come back

This Nigga was so mad I had a nigga he literally was telling me everything my nigga and his Bm was talking about  

Popeyes on kedzie is the fucking worse, I hate they ass

Was there a part that made you laugh?? — yeah KDKSM when jin said he was going to throw the ... 

Vtg Kodak Pleaser Trimprint Instant Camera Box Instructions Settlement Letter | eBay  

>Office Sex Tales: The Office Party Extraordinaire Part 4 - Pussy flooded with juices and my cock splashed 

#tamil girls fucking scenes crystal sex 

you would think history majors were boring ass ppl covered in dust . not the case tho

#obama fucking massage sex vids 

This is a fucking embarrassment. Get one of Lil Kim's goons in here 

I used to have a Twitter friend named Kim who LOVED this tune. I'm here on front row! StevieNicks Gold Dust Woman 

I pray your day has been an amazing one. Remember #God is in control and when you surrender your life to Him, you're life is favored.

Google takes on April Fools’ Day early with Google Gnome, Ms. PAC-Maps, and Google Wind 

Jessie James Decker Teases Return To Reality TV After 3 Years: Why She’s Finally Ready  

I just wanted to thank God for giving me the opportunity to have another great night working with the Florida... 

Farmers has seen what happens when a dog gets a little creative with his squirrel pursuits. And we covered it on 2/… 

Woke up three minutes before my alarm, sleepily miscalculated how much time I had left to sleep, then got angry at my alarm when it sounded.

It's hard to sit still and do nothing today, making it extreme... More for Gemini 

Snapdeal board weighs sale; Softbank appoints second director  via EconomicTimes

We provide pre-packaged low calorie hot meals for you, be it at work or at home We were featured on... 

Content Creators Claim YouTube Demonetizing Videos Without Chance for Appeal  

The road to success is closer than you think! "Retweet" #success #inspiration #Leadership #motivation… 

Mr. Porter has be the worst counselor ever...what a useless cunt

The most inspirational ways mankind has respected the natural world, in 15 images 

Now Hiring: Asso Director, Family Support and Clinical Care | Muscular Dystrophy Association: US - MA - West |  #jobs

jurgen i'm sorry, if you had an injury would some call you a cunt and a retard? 

If I wasn't a LeBron damn I'd hate him he gotta annoying tendencies

Raven Riley fucking on a couch 

ew this is so ugly. niggas lame asf. 

[ELISA] I can't do anything to help, but I'm just as fucked up as he is, anyway.

Ughhh Romo passed on a question to say whether he'd come back if the right situation presented itself.

This is a business with women everywhere, women were managers... I thought we were equal... I never heard of any discrimination

Need to get paperwork together and homework finished for tomorrow. Really don't want to do any of it.

'Member when we won the tourney? If you voted for us, send proof and we'll put you into a drawing for one free Opening Day Breakfast ticket.

We are the fucking worst country going 

This is the era of digital information. Barkha Dutt is foolish enough to think that she can fool public with her th… 

This one time this guy got mad at me because I didn't like him and called me a bitch

Berkshire Hathaway #HomeServices NW Real Estate Open #Houses: 3-BD in Des Moines and Shorewood View #Home 

Grand National 2017: One For Arthur claims emotional win at Aintree -  

Latest Nokia 6 android mobile has been launched at poorvika mobiles | Online Mobile Shopping - latest mobile phones 

#Grim Hell Bound ▲ Where the darkness fears to shine  

 rays are produced by nuclear fusion in stars including the Sun (such as CNO cycle),Nucleus Nucleons (Nuclear force ·

being away at college and receiving a phone call from your mom telling you your grandma just passed away is the most depressing thing ever

The stunning #back #illuminated Glazz Mirror has now travelled to a new and very funky residence in Ibiza #mirror 

Hard match to call, it feels like NXT needs Asuka but Askua needs to move up, probably to SD Live #NXTTakeOver

reasons to be a dancer: got your hands full? causally developé and turn off the light switch with your wonderful toes

Busty babe gives handjob and gets fucked 

It says listenertom but this looks more like the work of a peepingtom,I look more like the listenertom. 

#8: 2015 - 1 oz American Silver Eagle .999 Fine Silver Dollar Uncirculated US Mint  #valuablecoin…

Huddersfield and Blackburn tickets bought, train tickets for QPR away brought and I've only been up 15 mins #productive #nffc

Nigeria Vlog #3: '31st Annual Lisabi Festival in Abeokuta (2017).' Check It Out    

Wild 42% Crobat spawned in Oak Park! Despawns 02:39:01am (29m 21s). Air Slash | Sludge Bomb 

BurningAngel Joanna Anale Fucked By The Pool 

Hate when people just start pulling out of junctions when you've not even let them out just makes me not let them out. Twats

I swear some people just make u mad as hell for no reason  

Whoops, here are the sun faces that should have been in the last tweet. So great! 

Upcoming 2017 Royal Enfield Himalayan to get ABS and FI Engine  

Never get me started on racism in Islam because how Arabs and South Asians treat their black counterparts is generally disgusting

Let's break each member down slowly and explore their charms and what they bring to the group because EACH MEMBER I… 

LITERALLY FUCKING ME IN TODAYS MOCKJKKK 

It's Time To Sell Which Bonds $PFF $JNK $MBB $TLT $SPY $CWB $TIP $QQQ  #Investing #Stocks 

i saw a fickinfession from someone from harvest moon and i died, there's actually harvest moon kin that makes me so happy

Your MCM 30 Years Old Still Textin' You Shit Like "What If I Was Over There, And I Tried To Kiss You Lol, What Would You Do ?"    

And I could find another dream, one that keeps me warm and clean but I ain't dreamin' anymore, I'm waking up. #np

Ceding to One Side on Health Bill, Trump Risks Alienating Another  - All this crap because of Obama's HORRID ACA.

Men socialize by insulting each other, but dont really mean it. Women socialize by complimenting each other, and they don't mean it either.

Credit where credit is due: If the bears learn how to walk upright, use tools and public transportation, humanity i… 

The idiots just keep talking. 

If only he could have a heart attack on the toilet and hit his head, hard. #inners 

After Holy communion, my wife's lips are the next best thing- Comedian EmmaOhMaGod says  

First picture of Khalid Masood reveals how he went from football-loving teenager to London attacker:  #CounterTerro…

OPEN HOUSE SAT and SUN 4/8 and 4/9 12-4PM 49 Country Club Dr, Monroe Township, NJ 08831 - MLS 3368907 - Coldwell Banker: 

Jorge took an ugly ass video of me and won't stop sending it to me   

I have two tickets! I'm super sick and would hate for it to go to waste. I can just fwd you my e-ticket (: 

YOU’RE SCREWED: NEW TERRORIST LAPTOP BOMBS MAY EVADE AIRPORT SECURITY, INTEL SOURCES SAY 

Just some positive words for the night. Whatever you're going through you can get through it. Trust me it'll get b… 

Niggas worst than your side bitch always questioning they position

How many followers do you get weekly? 4 awesome new followers for me! Grow with 

Little girls with Dreams become women with Vision #hellogorgeous #littlegirlsrock #ilovethis… 

GA FALCONS 2 Team Crush 3 [Bottom 3rd] [0 Out] [0 balls] [0 strikes] ... No one on [P: #13 Zoey Mitchell] [B: #9 Ally ]

Grab your team and get 15% off to the #immersive #designsprint #workshop in #Berlin 

It doesn't need to be a bright light either, as old #Bluehand's bigotry shines bright 

yeah...I really thought that DTBY is different from typical Filipino TS....hindi pala...same old story...… 

Top story: Three White House officials tied to files shared with House intellig…  see more 

Sony’s slow-mo friendly Xperia XZs goes on sale this week  #engadget #media #technology

Clay is pissing me off he needs to finish these fucking tapes !!!!! #13reasonswhy

Contract announcement will come ‘from the club’, says Wenger – TEAMtalk  

Instead of going to community college next year I decided to take a year off and travel as much as I can 

You aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your... More for Virgo 

How to start organizing your things and clear your mind:  

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 493 #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight

Ravi and Ashley is boring the hell out of me. He's being played for a fool. Smdh. #yr

Don't fucking hmu between 3-7pm or am Bitch Im sleep.

12616 started on 19/12/2014 Reached its destination MAS and was 420 Mins Late 

SPRING$4k BRIONI Jacket BOMBER-M/40US/50EUR-100%COTTON-STORM SYSTEM STYLE-Suit  

Are you fucking kidding me?! 

It’s nice how easily they change their look with various frames.From black-rimmed to round frames or anything in btween #WomenWhoWearGlasses

#IdahoJobs #Jobs Award Winning Northern Idaho Medical Center Seeks Outpatient Neurologists… 

the first person to claim this shirt can have it except i'm not shipping it anywhere also it's really fucking tiny… 

Tonight has been thee worst fucking night ever I just wanna go home, throw up andand cry myself to sleep !

Wind 2,5 km/h NNW. Barometer 1010,8 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 10,7 °C. Rain today 0,0mm. Humidity 76%

i forgot to uninstall the fucking twitter app on her phone and she showed me twt notifications popping up n asked how to get rid of them

when i tell you i miss my man, i really fucking miss my man.

Beaten at church when they were castin' out the demons..as you can see...these were the results 

"Yo-da man!"..."No, Yo-da man!"..."Correction. The man, you are." #yoda #starwars #legostarwars… 

In more normal stuff, it appears that every lot of cut daffodils I've bought this year has been a different variety. Which has been lovely.

This one is dedicated to all the people that are suffering all around the world . Lord have his mercy

#ThankYouWaqarZaka got this medal from Dr A Q Khan for his services for Muslims in Burma and Syria 

When U post positive things please do not be offended when that 1 gremlin pops up to say something negative! Satan does have helpers! #Fools

Admitting you have privilege due to skin color doesn't make you less black so I don't get why people get so defensive

WHAT TYPE OF BUM BITCH SHOOT HER FRIEND OVER A RACK? WHAT TYPE OF MOTHER LEAVE HER ONE SON OVER A STACK?

Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Drumpf-Putin back channel 

Fucking hell, I'm literally going to miss meeting all of my faves at Access because I'm going on Saturday

1. Don't flex.. 2. What's meant to be will be. 3. Drink water. 4. LIVE. 5. Don't entertain people that just keep t… 

M5.2 #earthquake (#sismo) strikes 63 km NW of #David (#Panama) 21 min ago. Read witnesses' stories and share yours: 

Azpi is the reason both been so gd lol. He's the leader behind there. Watch the games he talks to Moses more than a… 

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

Fucked Doggystyle op Webcam 

What good old days (in recent living history) were like for women, or what they really want America to be like again 

  danielle campbell headers. • the first header ISN’T mine. ♡ • like/reblog or  on twitter... 

I think I better go play the lottery because I just correctly plugged in a USB cord on the first try.

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

Click here to watch it:  Busty MILF babe fisting pussy and mastur...  Add me on snapchat: se… 

There's nothing better than a glass of wine to help you relax and unwind half way through the working week. We have a… 

if anyone is willing to trade a GA ticket for a seat one (section 108 k) thats would be awesome and i would pay u more plz dm

Just a reminder that our president is a piece of racist, sexist, xenophobic, homophobic,  - who makes fun of the disabledandbrags about rape  

^Lesbian Chronicle: Late at the Office part 1 - she ran her hands over Mariam's breasts 

THANK YOU to last night's speakers for sharing their stories, broadening our understanding of your traditions, and br… 

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

Communication with family members and friends may seem constra... More for Libra 

On pollution we only talk of #DeathByBreath. Micro-dust particles have tremendous effect on machinery/computers too and we loose crores.

If I can't reach to fucking sleep. A ghost tells you not to trust ':

12. needs no progress, i will lie by salvia palth- its like porn for ur ears . its beautiful and his hurt voice is just enough to make u nut

A rather excellent newsletter by an excellent fellow about an excellent CMS. [M] 

How idiotic must you be to say something so heinous regarding an act of war? Why is this IDIOT still on the air?… 

Banks are doing what ? and interest is gonna be what ? Both belong to white people and enrich white people only, fact !!! #AntiZumaMarches

The only messages I want tonight are the ones with your circle pay emails and that say sent princess. I want to drain your bank account dry  

Season had Abruzzi. Season 2 had Mahone. Season 3 lacked momentum in this sense. And many other aspects. #PrisonBreak

The Rise of Artificial intelligence - read what it is, how it's already part of our lives and what's next! 

The only one piece I didn't like was World Red Shit was suuuuuuuuuuuper short it was like a 4 hour game I was disgusted I paid 40 for it

Will Trump unleash a slow-motion Cuban Missile Crisis? | Robert Anderson and Martin J Sherwin 

1/3 Three males from Ft. Lauderdale, driving south on Collier and struck another car just north of SR 54. The got o… 

I accidentally turned the red rocket station into a party house and honestly that is incredibly everett

Fuck the glitchy ass Atheon encounter for real. So bad that I don't even give a shit about the fucking loot anymore.

 Why are turn based games so fucking retarded?>god of king of demons of death of evil of darkness want to destroy …

Thomas said "have you ever watched aqua teen hunger force?" And I said "what Aquamarine? I love that movie"   

Getting Started: 5 Tips for Creating an Effective Email Marketing Strategy -  #EmailMarketing #Marketing

"How did you know there was a man in your compartment?" #moviequotes #agathachristie 

Latest: ‘Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.’ Recap: “What If …” – The Wonderful World of Hydra  #TV… 

 Brand New in Box Nike Killshot 2 by JCrew Size 10.5 Men 

I don't like any type of 'holiday'. They turn everyone into fucking idiots.

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

Always look on the bright side of life (unless you're the Bank of Canada) (subscribers)  

Niggas r so annoying to me   I don't wanna fw nobody leaaaaaave me tf aloneee!

 <<< #fucking my suction cup dildo on the floor 

ICYMI at the weekend: There's a widely touted fact that Brexiteers misuse when it comes to Brexit talks 

Had a tablet for a while now, but been fixing a laptop today. Feels so bulky in comparison, although prefer the functionality of laptop

A new $250 million fund is aiming to capitalize on the booming housing market in Texas  

Not to be mean, but these babies are terrible fucking athletes. 

i call it out when bts do something and ill call got7 out too that they just :(((( ykno coulda done something to make him smile

GOVERNOR SAMUEL TILDEN TAMMANY HALL CANAL RING NEW YORK 1875 13 HARPER’S WEEKLY  

Homeless man serves 153 day in San Mateo County Jail for setting a trash can on fire 

Baker Mayfield: Yet another star tonight when Romo's camp leaked he comes, Bron. Sunday against Harden the target LaVar Ball

Immediately after normal delivery/lscs, nurse will bring newborn to its mother. the nurse will usually ask mom to identify whether its a m/f

Constant stream of conflicts Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel 

Now Playing: The Fixx - Red Skies, #NowPlaying #ProgRock #ClassicRock #Houston, 

Now Playing 2B! Love - forever on 2B Radio! get APP iOS -  - Android - 

Irina Bruni - Fucked at the beach 

You never show teeths when posting a pic so do us a... — Smiling in photos is awkward and makes my nose look... 

AirMap and Rakuten Partner, New UTM Platform Heading To Japan #UAVExpertNews 

Jesus that was the longest 5 hours of my fucking life!

I hate when people try to talk in code around me. They might as well have the conversation since I know what they talking about  

Think I'm gonna write "so sry" on my SOAP note tomorrow morning and just hand it in so I can keep studying for onco

Nothing will deter you from fulfilling your ambitions once you... More for Sagittarius 

"Relationships should either EVOLVE or Dissolve" - Toure Roberts --- #relationshipgoals… 

#AJ-ENG: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi leaves for US to meet Donald Trump: Seeking a renewed… 

so abang went to coldplay's concert and he recorded something just like this for me bcos i love it (':

BITCH THE FUCKING WORLD IS ENDING 

You don't need to much stress to purchase your musical equipments, we can have it delivered at… 

Britney collecting all the biggest award of each show and she is not even 40 yet. a fucking living legend <3 

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

#online chat sex fucking on chair 

In 2014, I'll set up an email alert for .very time I tweet, forget, get excited about the email, tpen tweet about it.

Moving Beyond the “Cool” Factor in Mobile Learning  #edtech #steam 

"W0" "BaDLy" "T0" "HuM" "BHi" "BaDaL" "GaYe" """ JaaN """ "IshQ" "KaRTy" "ThY" "IbaDaT" "NaHi",,, *... I FeaR Y0U MighT F0RgeT Me ..

like i give a damn wE GETTING SO MUCH NEW SHIT N SHAKING OUR FUNDAMENTS OF WHAT WE PERCEIVE AS REALITY UR BITTER ASS DOESNT MATTER

Strong comments from Patriots ownership in 2014 could make signing Adrian Peterson a tough sell 

I need to find a hooker who will do anything for 50 bucks.. I have 2 papers and an online exam due by tomorrow

Miss having dinner with this lot, sharing the days stories over too much wine and good food :) #morzine #treelinec…… 

if you don't text me back or if you always have an excuse for not linking, I'm deleting your number, it's a waste of my time

When we go outside we don't use the bathroom like we're supposed too. We play, and chew on our leash..   

Q: Could you show me the way to Ameya-Yokocho? A: Let's get NeighborMix SPOTIT.  

As I walked into my classroom today, I was filled with so many different emotions. I've never wanted to hug each of them more than I do now.

And AP, It's a fucking wrap 

#Syria #idlib #war ... I am a man. I want to do something. God help Syria :( 

09:25 BST: Temperature: 16.6°C, Wind: S, 0 mph (ave), 1 mph (gust), Humidity: 48%, Rain (hourly) 0.0 mm, Pressure: 1027 hPa, rising slowly

Foie Gras Hot Dog/caramelized onion marmalade/fennel mustard/mushroom relish/duck Hollandaise at the Federal... 

Kourtney Kane One big cock for two horny babes: One big cock for two horny babes #KourtneyKane  #PornMe

If I ever fucked wit you and you say,you don't need me but you still eating off my plate  you just played yourself #Facts

I think I heard that woodpecker trying to get in my vent again. Bruh there is a bird gate there. The nigga is legally insane

UT in 4 years:"We were just wondering how life was treating you?...btw....we have this new build-" *click*

His love of his city leads him to volunteer with the Department of Water and Sewage in #Nineveh. #MosulLiberation… 

I fucking hate this moose-thing. When I finish the quest, I'm going to shoot it in the fucking head and call it a d… 

Express Size S 4 6 Black Green Gray White Striped Cotton Shirt Top Blouse  

Wasniak was doing Donnie, his wife, and Julia I mean damn. He was just crying over his wife leaving wtf

US: Trump Russia: Putin North Korea: Kim Jong Un I think we're all fucked yo!!

"This place changed the direction of my life - for the better. Thank you from the bottom of my heart." warm words from a client

Thank you Suburban PAWS for supporting Precious Paws!! We are so grateful to you and your clients! 

"The lads at work said I'm comedy gold" People can be really fucking cruel, like #FirstDatesIRL

Making changes that endure isn't always as straightforward as ... More for Gemini 

Today is my support day so ill be watching other ppl play so if u r on send link and ill show some love yo #illuminismgaming

Most people on FB saying they don't use Twitter because their friends don't use it. I've MADE better friends here than I had before.

NEW: Family of Colleen Hufford responds to Alton Nolen found competent to stand trial. Hufford was killed at Vaughn… 

I took March off from all things reading and writing related to focus on WEDDING MONTH. Tomorrow is April 1 so BACK TO #amreading #amwriting

Babe in stockings fucked by two men 

Intel Compute Stick CS125 Computer with Intel Atom x5 Processor and Wi... #home #chef  

What's happening? Nothing is fucking happening. #fridaynightwine #lotsoffridaynightwine

Let's check complete guide on #heart ailments and its treatments #HeartHealth #wellness #wednesdaymotivation… 

You're seriously so fucking annoying. Idk why tf I trusted you

Are you changing perspectives and views for the better? Are you modifying concepts to make it current? Are you adjusting attitudes?

6 years ago today a little album called Vagabonds came out and some of these lyrics have been on… 

theleadgirlfoundation Brunch Fit for a Queen. Happy to support the great work they are doing to… 

all week i've been looking forward to sleeping in today and i've been fucking awake since 9 for whatever reason  

MARKETED AND DISTRIBUTED BY ABIODUN OROPO FILMS AND RECORDS INT'L ISLAMIC MUSIC BY ERE ASALATU .. D-HONEY... 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Oh my Tony Rodd runs a restaurant in fucking Shoreditch. There's a surprise #MasterChef

FUCKING TRIGGERED EHAAHH STAOPBEJW PLEAAHES TRIGGEREDD 

So that person I like just said that I would make a cute couple with my friend... 

Breakky with fambam before heading to work timted23   #twofaced #twofie #artsy #couple 

  or maybe you're into some superpower/urban fantasy type of deal? this right here is very close to my heart, seokj… 

just sat here and cried bc i rlly fucking miss my dog :)))))))))

Justice for porcupine beaten to death with baseball bat! Plz sign:  

Your bitch finna be cold hearted den a Bitch now   

Great Mississippi State/UConn game... The big underdog (at least to anyone outside their locker room) snapped UConn's 111-game win streak!

Shepard Smith is nothing but a cock sucking liberal idiot

Don't know how anyone can drink red bull or Coca-Cola unless they're mixed with some form of alcohol ha  

It's Official: Obama Presidency Had Worst Economic Growth in Modern Era - 4th Worst in History! 

Soft Grip Metal Back Scratcher Telescopic Extendable Handy Pocket Itching Aid  

Honestly why is education always simplified into these dumb analogies. Ed policy is so much more complicated than g… 

Butter or Margarine? In Dunkin’ Donuts Lawsuit, Man Accepts No Substitutes  

i mean... we wouldn't expect anything less from him but yeah, i know what you mean 

PS we are a non-profit! Tax write-off! Here is the link to my personal team!... 

Britain’s most wanted criminals could be put out of reach by Theresa May's national security Brexit threat… 

. Three Boko Haram suicide bombers killed in attempted attacks Short Details: Thr ... See full DETAILS (… 

10 Fruits and Vegetables You Can Plant Once — And They Will Keep ... - - The ... -  #healthyhabits #backtobasics

ITS FUCKING CUMMM THRU SEASON MHM THATS MY LIL SIS 

8 years later and this guy is locked up again. How the hell did he get locked up in Yemen? #PrisonBreak

Being young and inexperienced Maia thinks she wants to suck her teachers cock more often 

Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of Nike  #books #nike 

My housemate has been sitting in front of my window for the entire day now and I can't close my curtain 'cause then her light will be gone

He has no idea of how the military works, Fox news and putin will tell him what to do next. This is not a laughing… 

Hardly a week goes by where I don't see a tweet that confuses "overstate" and "understate". Hard to understate mea… 

OH MY FUCKING GOD EL CULO DE JOEL LA PUTA MADRE 

"Hey should we put the new chainsmoker album on?" -Kai "I don't know, how does getting cancer before noon sound?" -Akbar

Jungle Fever is a result of Spike's anger at Bill, for marrying a white woman shortly after Spike's mother died.

tagging everyone who sees this   (iN REALITY I'M JUST TOO SHY AND AWKWARD TO TAG PEOPLE) SORRYZ 

She says "wow erica you're eating so healthy" I said "girl I just got back from smash burger, did you want something?"

Lord Shiva,the supreme deity,worshiped in-form of Jyothirlinga in many of Shiva temples,Omkareshwar is one of them.… 

#Celebrity News Pepsi Stock Surged During Kendall Jenner Ad Scandal, Tanked After Apology (PHOTOS)… 

#HipHopVsReggae MANSION ELAN Tomorrow EVERYONE FREE ALL NIGHT Text 404-450-4725 For Vip Guest list line  A9

#NFL Wire: Richard Sherman doesn't sound like he's laughing off trade rumors anymore  

21 new followers in the last week and it is more than just stats, I use it for growing my account! Try it 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

fucking ask me questions please 

I'm forreals a savqge got these thots me fucked up

Damn, i lost or misplaced my Dark Souls 1 xbox360 disc... i was gonna give it to my coworker since him and his kid were debating playing it

so my method is to take whatever is on my mind, focus it inside the ball, then knock it out into… 

❀ Vintage Madame Evelyn 100% Wool Hat With Ribbon GRAY # 15 U43  

It might feel as if others are pushing you around today, but y... More for Libra 

damn fucks car space nigga anime gay he wants black dangerous Robo Bitch weed kill suck the dick dangerous fuck in ass

Just bought my mum tickets to see Take That that she went on about wanting to go to allll weekend and bless her she's so excited  

Up to GBP20 matched bet - bet now with Marathonbet -  

We've got all your needs covered at the #Startup Loft at the #AWSSummit in San Francisco! Register today!… 

Me and my baby will be seeing fate of the furious they day it comes out.. as long as it's not on a busy day for him  

They don't fucking understand or ? GTFO   

Mike Pence's fucking life philosophy is, "Boys will be boys." That is absolutely insane for a VP in 2017.

Lisa Young/Lyfwithlisa: The Importance of Water and the Dehydration Epidem... 

3 Wheel Kids Motorcycle Ride On Electric Toy 6V Battery Powered Bicycle Blue  

You can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo... More for Virgo 

One person in this photo is clearly having a good time. The other is "smiling on the inside" while on the… 

This is what I am in treatment for with Military TBI/ptsd Andres Lozano: Can Hacking The Brain Make You Healthier? 

We can wrap our NOIR range in Deluxe Packaging too! Just click the Deluxe Packaging option at… 

So disappointing that a developed nation like the US has a "D" grade on women's and reproductive health. 

When people say "office" this is all I have in my head, and I will NOT. CHANGE. ANYTHING. 

#PressRelease : (Global Train Control and Management Systems Market to ...)      #News… 

Johnny Bravo is in the studio for what? To protect JW, Blaze and Myles or Queenflip himself?   Guess we're about hear on air. #DramaWednesdays

Read the whole thread. They're not saying the mom is gross but that it's gross that ppl act like abled ppl are savi… 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

should i start discourse with eileen and hope it makes them stop telling my friends im a pedophile cus i'm fucking not?

latina from brazil gets fucked and face cum 

this mini trip to la made me feel like it was summer break and im not ready to go back to classes :((

Ebony Slut Spreads Her Furry Twat While Getting Butt Fucked 

Our Politics Has Given Putin The Weapon To Create A Constitutional Crisis - Forbes 

Top 10 Modern Architectural Marvels, wonders of ancient world Buildings  #moviemovie #news #story

He's tired of being detained at the bank when the bills he depositing been flagged for money laundering 

I'm runnin off of an hour of sleep and I just watched ep.11 of 13 reasons why and honestly Im a mess

Hoe Fucked Dick avec juste ses pieds et Got Nutt 

Nunes' sources revealed: White House lawyer and Michael Flynn flunkie who Trump kept in place 

But! Football Club : #PSG : Bielsa, Diaby, Cristiano Ronaldo, Mourinho Ben Arfa se lache completement ! #TeamOM 

How beautiful the world would be if certain physical traits were never socially idealized. Idc what u look like..love urself unconditionally

look at that nasty ass greasy hair   

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

So I want get fucked up but I don't want to go to a lame as party

The views from this penthouse at manhattanviewatmima are ridiculous. Great seeing you there… 

There’s A Big Surprise In The Latest ‘Doctor Who’ Trailer   

#France24 Brussels blasts: Multiple explosions at “soft targets”: Subscribe to France 24 now :…… 

Groundwork Coaching's Glenn Wilkins presenting to Coaches on strategies for engaging junior and youth players at ou… 

People often go through life tryin to figure why other ppl don't love them the way they feel they should be loved...

67. stay as the adorable person that you are and I look forward to more if your music, yeollie Some real talent you h… 

How about you fucking do the job you were elected for and not start another war. #NoMoreJewishWars #SyriaHoax 

The Robot takeover will be horrible and weed Chew ass

I have finally reached the part of the WIP I've been dying to write. #amwriting like it's nobody's business rn 

ur a fucking dumbass for even voting for him 

Yeah if we cut all those useless social programs and everything else that makes our country truly great. #DonaldTrump… 

Say YES to the food and drink you love and enjoy, portion control, moving more and a happier, healthier you   #weightwatchers

New deal found Euroscreen Diplomat Elec 260 x 162.5cm only £765.99  #savings #Deals

What a great guy! Just in case anyone wants to donate to the fund today. Thanks for watching. 

Over Our Dead Bodies, We Will Never Protest Against Our Saviour, Saraki!! Expel Boko Haram Senator Ndume Now!!! 

#nude nepali women pics bloody vagina sex 

Thanks to the legend Tim Cahill for the photo. Class act on and off the park! 

I love this. So much. But I also want these schools to accept some students that not every other school like them h… 

HOLY SHIT PARK CHANYEOL YOU CANT DO THIS TO ME!!!!!  

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

I also thought it was super classy of Ricky Morton to finish the speech thanking Robert as the greatest tag partner. #WWEHallOfFame

Please RT if you like!! #architecture #design #architects #interiordesign A Virtual Look Into Don Draper?s.. 

ladysnowangel: 20% Off + Free Shipping on EVERYTHING in my...  ladysnowangel: 20% Off + Fr… 

Now Playing on Greatest Hits Radio : Chris De Burgh - The lady in red " #80s #90s

Thanks to all my supporters! Have been getting a lot of compliments for my record 'I love global warming'.

Testimony Thursday- Please share with us the amazing movement of God in your life. Past or present. 

Katy Perry Just Added This Pant to Your Athleisure Collection | Read:  via EOnline

i would literally sit my fat ass here and watch my phone die then get mad.

So few explanations for how Catfish (as a tv show) sustains itself, other than it exploits/counts on digital illiteracy + social alienation

Artificial intelligence is helping video platforms better monetize  

Gipsy Nurse gets fucked by two guys 

HOLY FUCK I JUST GOT HOME WTF?!!! 

Anti-Semites aka Nazis use three parentheses to indicate Jews because it can't be searched out as hate speech. 

If anyone has been trying to get ahold of me I haven't been getting some texts and some of my texts aren't sending  

Brunette Fucked and Takes a Cum Shot on Her Toes 

MAIDUGURI | 2 female suicide bombers killed, 5 injured in failed mosque attack 

We are dedicated to helping #youth build their future through #education  #school

#BlackLivesMatter is even more important in view of the white supremacist policies of the Trump administration, which threaten us all

Being A Parent Is Hard Work, But These People Figured Out 25 Epic Hacks To Help 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Um...? I swear armys are so fucking retarded. BTS collab with Selena? Are yall dumb?.how did u even get to dis. Let… 

Happy birthday to one of the cuck bois        <EMOJI>️ the goat farm is still in the works  

#FBI Director James Comey "Expert Witness File" #HSBC International Multi-Billion Dollar "Conspiracy to Murder" Case 

Convenient Is The Word For This Delightful 3 Brm, 3 Washroom End Unit Condo Townhouse With Upgraded Fixtures and... 

My Airbnb has a psycho cat that won't let me leave the room.. This sounds like a trained kidnapper cat

Orlando Housing Authority is facing legal action - The Florida Oracle -  

i know how to calculate my overall grade in a class better than i can calculate the quadratic formula

Yes, but don't expect than other that peace and delicious taste from them :-) 

I texted I guy I met on Saturday nd was all sad cause he didn't reply but I just realized I put the wrong number in I'M SO DUMB

Please help, we're all 1 people on a dying planet. #inceptionalization the secret conspiracy to make the world a be… 

I just listened to Migos "Slippery throughly and I must say, I need a dictionary to decipher the lyrics.   

... and unexpectedly channeling my former colleague Joel Sheesley! Detail of his O Magnum Mysterium. #JoelSheesley… 

#Singing tip: If you're losing air too fast on an "ooh" sound, put your tongue into an "EE" position. #tiptuesday… 

A popular pizza chain going organic! That and more in Today's Ag and Energy Report  

Buckeye Males Capture Thrilling 113-111 Triumph Over Mountain State Counterparts. 

Fear has no place in our hearts when we have shaken off the attachment for wealth, family and for the body. All these are not ours but Gods.

[PMV] Carly Rae Jepsen fucked to Call Me Maybe 

Shooter wounds two at Florida gym before he is killed: media #World News #us-news 

Confused why purchasing pipets separately is cheaper than buying them together ($458 vs. $615 for 20/200/1000) 

Second attack on Syrian town hit by chemical weapons after strikes in Idlib 

Your friend needed help buying pot and you felt bad about it afterwards. Don't worry, we've got you covered. fullresponsibility.me

Philippines: Jollibee, Singapore’s Blackbird form JV to enter European market 

Don't be tempted to "throw in the towel". #Marriage takes commitment.  #unequallyyoked (RT) 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

RIP to a giant of #ethnomusicology: #Sarno : 30 Years in the Rainforest Preserving the Music of the #Bayaka 

Making changes that endure isn't always as straightforward as ... More for Gemini 

everyone's just losing their shit over rock in rio tickets and i'm here wishing i could turn back time and go to lollapalooza again

Great Tracy, we are glad Josh enjoyed - look forward to a full hour with him next week      

IN VOGUE How Arsene Wenger can transform Arsenal into title winners by changing to fashionable 3-4-3 formation 

I've never cried over anyone until now this man has me fucked up.

don't think I'll ever be as close w/ anyone as I am to my big brother. we argue and fight 24/7 but you keep my on tra… 

We need to stop doing this fucking rain dance I swear

To anyone who thinks it's a joke, Adult Swim is actually livestreaming the new Rick and Morty episode

She slid the pipe in her , fucked herself w/it and told me to take a hit!     #iLoveHer #Stoners #Pussy #Couple… 

Her reply to the last message, lol. Time to move on with my day. Apparently follows me on Twitter too. Weird. 

Sold again! eStereograms #eye #Puzzles! #Best-seller rank just dropped to: 2413 for #Puzzles. Amazing! 

even in statutory rape with consent this shouldn't happen.If they can't vote and make their own decisions then they… 

Trump and his evil cabal of criminals will be caught and his lying ass will be impeached and it won't b a moment too soon.

Lololol, yo people like this are so absurd. Might just follow for the laughs. 

Hard shell on the outside and pretty dang close to hard shell on the inside. It take a special person to tap into the soft side.  

I don't understand how y'all females stand w bitches that use to or still is fucking your gf or bf

I believe in von Däniken and Ancient Aliens. And I've been giggling on FTB since the beginning. I'm also Anti-#GamerGate.

milfs getting fucked in the ass 

There's nobody to thank for these evil ass cookies 

ExxxtraSmall - Ass Fucked By Her Driving Professor  

Then, I left MSU to be with Charlie here in Savannah. I was really lucky to land at my school, but bummed that I had to start anew on the TT

PATH is cross honoring your tickets at Hoboken. Not a great way to start the week. Thanks for keeping us in the loo… 

i honestly hate the nmss video it's so fucking bad why is their team so shit at everything

NIH budget cuts will jeopardize America’s leadership in medical research #NIH #budget #medicalresearch 

Tech's biggest players tackle climate change despite rollbacks  #engadget #tomgadget

idk how anybody can not know A Cruel Angel's Thesis like that is literally the most famous anime opening song of all time

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Tips How To Rank Videos High On Google And Youtube. Free Training #videomarketing  #seo #mlm

Sex by the numbers - USA Swinger Statistics  #sexy #nsfw 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > Lai share.  

When your feet slip, you can always recover your balance but when your tongue slips, you can't recover your words.

It is interesting that Bristol is attracting much attention for lack of commemoration about city's historic connections to slave trade.

Landing Financing Without Taking on Debt or Giving Away Equity  If you havenand#039;t heard of royalty financing, SEO

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

I'm a girl and I have an older brother. He always a... — Why do people send these weird questions to people ... 

A few of our teams who represented us so well today!! Portlaoise Panthers Reached the semi… 

Just think. You get #Savannah and #SavannahBeach! They're the best of both worlds! #TybeeIsland... 

You look like Freddy Krueger face fucked a topographical map of Utah

83143 soldiers had given their lives to save humanity!  

2 injured in house fire #thismorning in Loch Lomond neighborhood #ThisMorning  

#LiveFromTheRoaring20s White men must always be saved from their folly in Trump's America. 

How to generate leads and build your list with solo ads in other people ezines.  #emailmarketing

I hate being home alone bc I have to go out by my damn self

Australian Rules football was originally designed to give cricketers something to play during the off season. #fact

Colombians hate Americans, so let the haters die in the mud. Every Colombian child killed in the mudslides, one less future American hater.

The Director Defence Information (DDI),Major-Gen. John Eneche believes Boko haram leader… 

Jesse Williams Calls Racist 'Cotton' Promposal 'Destructive Dumbf**kery'  

Growth is a core value at Appnovation. It applies to our company and our team. Check our career openings now!… 

"she's right" "these are all facts" why do y'all do this? Idgi. Someone will do the same thing to yall and somehow victimize yourselves.

 CIS observation mission: Armenia has done much to ensure electoral… 

Dylan Ryder fucked in the kitchen 

Can ed-tech inequality be solved by roving buses with Wi-Fi and loads of e  #edtech #steam 

Retiring with robots? How your folks will get high-tech help – CNET  

Wales Online: Rickie Lambert's Cardiff City future looks bleak as Neil Warnock reveals why he's not picking…  #ccfc

Refurbished Samsung Galaxy Note 7R shows up with smaller battery  

brunette fucking with three guys 

Exclusive: Court must weigh Brazil's plight in Temer ruling - incoming judge 

Managing Anxiety with Carolyn Daitch, Phd and Laura Reagan, LCSW-C.  

Fuck that shit! What a loser. Literally and figuratively. Pathetic. 

OR HARRY IS LETTING HIS OLD SELF DROWN BECAUSE HE IS REBORN AS SOMEONE NEW THAT'S WHY SOMEONE IS DROWNING ITS THE OLD HIM ?!?!? IDK?!?

Hate girls that be all up on my mans notifications but when he tweets about me you bitches are no where to be found  

These dusty bitches keep bringing up Sky's kids and then act shocked when she lunges at them.

Los Angeles News Search LA (Police Seek Men Suspected In What They Believe Were Paintball Shootings At ...) 1 ... -… 

Simple: Some1 has lot of money, needs to put it smewhere and land seems safest place. Plant trees coz there's noth… 

ANTHONY RIZZO 2014 Rare Panini Jersey/Patch On Card Auto Autograph 02/99  

Maddie Ziegler Makes Her Big Screen Debut Alongside Naomi Watts and Jacob Tremblay In First…  

  mistressmeg-2: You will learn to worship me. Follow me as I lead you down the Path To Submission.... 

Ughh them nasty ass beef things you made that one night   

Three awesome STEM activities for your next pack or den meeting  

Guaranteed Gifts And Other Awesome Highlights At This Year's Perfect Livin' Home Expo 

Pulling Up With My Gun I Aint Injuring Shit And If I See You With A Girl Then I'm Killing The Bitch

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid pics from the Alubarna Palace Baths!  #TreCru 

Tag some artist #repost we have so many special guest dining out this night with so many prizes… 

New pizza and pasta menu available! Don't forget to check our online menu. Buy your second pizza (Wed) or pasta... 

ICYMI: As #AACR17 gets underway, we look at the science our researchers will be presenting at the conference:… 

Up at 2am, still sick, dr. Pissing me off, ugh it's almost spring break, I just wanna be well! whine,sniffle,cough,cry! 

season 4 episode 12 of dexter.......has got to be a fucking joke

How Slow Mobile Page Speeds Are Ruining Your Conversion Rates  

Dalai Lama: Normal for China to give political colour to my spiritual visits 

"Laws made by common consent must not be trampled on by..." - George Washington =>  

But Reyes saw a problem that needed to be fixed so he went for it, saved Genji and maybe others, but got suspended because of public

A smart post from a smart man. Yes, more than ever marketing/marketers are in a poor light, and it's our job to rai… 

Knowing too much of your future is never a good thing #IranDeal #Democrats #GOP #Obama Our Dishonest President… 

ok well my grandma had BRIGHT blue eyeshadow, shit ton of blush, and red lipstick on w/ some WIG yall i couldn't believe.....

"i would date you" atau "i wouldn't date you" is jawaban sakti di ending  menarik juga channel "tell your story"

9th grade I done stole my daddy weed had him mad as hell

Appreciate the people you have in you're life because you never know when the last time you'll see them or talk to them.

London Terror Attack Survivor Melissa Cochran Shares the Inspirational Quote in Her…  #crime

Oh goodness they tried to call me the other day and I don't even own a television set.    

Your life is a study of extremes today. On one hand, you're in... More for Virgo 

#bigtits #horny -->  <-- Female Agent Fucked By A Professional 

You fucking piece of asshole shittery #LindsayExclamationoftheDay #LEOTD

Fucking slayyyyyyyy mama    let em know! 

120 days after start of transformation - 7th September 2014 185 lbs 4.3% Bodyfat 

Check out the highly-rated eBook "Temptation" by K.M. Golland  #kindle 

and it's crazy how a lot of females call they "boyfriend" they "daddy" when the nigga broke and jobless .. bitch that's deffffff yo son    ‍

THE FUCKING PIZZA GUY WAS FLIRTING HARDCORE WITH ME AND EVERYONES LAUGHING

 #Health HPV vaccination during pregnancy show no ill effects - Fox News #UK 

It might feel as if others are pushing you around today, but y... More for Libra 

Sheriff Walks Out On Jonathan, PDP Governors As Crisis Deepens  

Dermal fillers are often a kind of soft tissue designed to enable injection into the skin for purposes of improving appearance. #Wrinkles

Making changes that endure isn't always as straightforward as ... More for Gemini 

For sunnis I reject imaamat or guidance! For shias go fucking retards move to isphahaan and wait for ur hidden imaam to reappear!!

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

...I lie here in the wet patch in the middle of the bed...  #LilyAllen #NotFair 

#Entrepreneurs How the Poor Can Save Capitalism: Rebuilding the Path to the, John Hope Bryant… 

I think they for sure gave him full control. He's writing, directing, and producing it. 

"Expanding outreach"? victims of ongoing abuse who cannot includes victim of: made to think being comp.?) 

There is all types of WRONG going on here! Trump can now tap money from his business, raising ethics concerns 

He mentioned the cankles too. I said if nothing else, at least I never got those. He told me I have nice legs and I died for like two days..

Always the limber conversationalist, your mind stretches into ... More for Libra 

Flood Watch issued April 04 at 3:40PM EDT until April 05 at 4:00AM EDT by NWS 

Swinub IV:?%(?/?/?) Move Set: unknown/unknown Available until 02:35:06 (28m 44s). 

Murdoch's Fox News. Condoning sexual harrassment, hacking phone calls...it's the Murdoch M.O..... 

Happy birthday USA!! ily very very much girly and I hope you have a great day     

NYPD officers accessed Black Lives Matter activists' texts and infiltrated core groups possibly violating rules 

Trump is expanding a system of immigration enforcement which already punishes immigrants and makes them vulnerable 

Kourtney Kardashian Displays Her Boobs As She Goes Braless In White Bodysuit 

Well it's not like I'm not used to the braves or (any of my teams for that matter) letting me down a lot.

I never thought a 1000 miles away I would fine my true love.Always and  made me feel something… 

Gambia’s Ousted Dictator Is Living the Good Life in a Palace in Equatorial Guinea 

"Banned Pill Better Than Aderall" Says US College Student -  

Minister Simon Coveney: Protect Bantry Bays kelp forest habitat - we say no to mechanical harvest of native kelp... 

SEXCHAT Only today MEN registration is OPEN x FREE ➽  #cam4 #camgirl #sexchat 

NSW - SEVERE WEATHER WARNING for DAMAGING WINDS For people in parts of the Snowy Mountains Forecast District.... 

FoodCareers: DAWN FARMS TO HIRE 150 WORKERS WITHIN 5 YEARS AFTER MAKING A £21M INVESTMENT  

or maybe i'm one of those people who is ALLERGIC to electricity and that's why my teeth are vibrating

Meet Charlie Donlea, author of SUMMIT LAKE, a 2017 Scéal Award Winner. #ScealAwards #mystery #thriller #awards 

Break me off a piece of that Kit Kat bar Everyone drunk at my gramps b-day party off da wine Couple thoughts equally important

Cheaper Microsoft mixed reality headsets are on the way Microsoft’s brand of mixed reality is coming to cheap PC… 

~A MUST READ, ESPECIALLY SS/SE, MAY YOU RECOVER YOUR SENSES. Donald Ekpo replies Alhaji Sagir RE: BIAFRA IS A... 

"Dark Souls 1 - Silence. Dark Souls 2 - Silence, press Start, music plays. Dark Souls 3 - Music plays before you press start."

WINNER TRYNA AVOID HIATUS BUT I AM SO FUCKING SCARED THAT THEYRE GONNA RELEASE TWO AND GO MIA AGAIN

Hopefully our #StandWithSibu tweets translate to more subscriptions and views. He must attract more and better brands. The whole thing.

My mama always have a whole explanation why she take forever in the grocery store like girl you just take forever.

posting the infamous fishhook picture for my bff's birthday   happy birthday Noah, see you in T-minus 2 and 1/2 month… 

13 reasons why is coming out this friday AND the new riverdale episode netflix is taking over my life this friday

Passed my DQE exam, got promoted to be a trainer at work, and am getting my hair done   this week is looking good so far 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Google Wants Its Own Puppet as FTC Chair to Block Anti-Trust Action » Alex Jones' Infowars: There's a war o 

"WrestleMania Stories Collide in the Ring" by JUSTIN BANK via NYT The New York Times 

Listening to One Note Samba (Samba De Uma Nota So) by Stan Getz on  #bossanova #np #nowplaying

  YASSS It's time for a great show HeavenLaye:#JustBeingMe #ChitChat  

Shit wont go as planned...you'll make terrible mistakes....but how you overcome it is what counts

DuPont in asset deal with FMC, delays close of Dow merger: (Reuters) - DuPont said on Friday it…  #businessNews

Sexy Women Clubbing Shirt Bandeau Top Ladies Party Dress Size 6 8 10 12 Blouse  

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

Trump: today i'm gonna send bombs to Syria Republicans: this doesn't sound like a good idea Trump: 

Should have gone further and done it sooner, lost 1st mover advantage to avoid risk of losing majority but lost it an… 

We've already had a few time changes, today, for games this week - so we'll help you out with Monday's #teamUCM Mul… 

I'm not coming to your fucking baby shower 

Maribeth Carroll Joins McCourt Global as Chief Human Resources Officer #HR Found at 

I miss these fucking days  deadass though..... 

He gives every indication that he is as much the gullible tool of liars as he is the liar in chief. 

Remember when Demi performed GYHAB at the VMA pre show i fucking cried my girl fucking did that.

Samsung turned the Note 7 disaster into an S8 feature  #Tech 

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

 Snapchat Takeover  #Swarm equipment manager Nick Sagraves is giving us a behind-the-scenes look during our road t… 

THE INDIPENDENT - Attacks on refugee homes double in Austria as accommodation firebombed and sprayed with Nazi graffiti …

What's with all these stupid ass food combination lately 

She looks at me with genuine eyes , her laughter sounds uncontrollable when I play with her , you'd think she'd have a tail to wag too .

enversendroit: “Lit Circle Blue with Etched Glass” Keith...  

Hope my niggas still ride for me if I die, ain't no shooting from across the street it's ON SITE    

Just now learning about the Ghomeshi trial in class and now I'm fucking furious

Learn more about Hugs, Help and Hope  ☞ 

Wish I wasn't such a chicken and would just do myself in already. Will just keep drinking myself to an early grave till then.

MOOC on Ecodesign - 6 axioms of ecodesign - esp like #4: Always require public involvement  #ottnews

I hate when a manly looking bitch say she want a nigga like shorty you is a nigga

#IPL: That's brutal! Gayle hits one out of the park. RCB 28/0 (3 overs) vs SRH 207/4 

#RayOranges and His Gorgeous #Geometrical #Illustrations Are Here Again to Mesmerize Our Eyes!  

We know that. But you must be absurd to show the absurdity of the idiots attacking you. I did that. Learn what sarc… 

Can't wait for certain people to get the reality check they deserve when they leave Newport and they aren't the hot shit they think they are

Just get your college education FROM WHEREVER and go. Fuck are niggas arguing for. 

Vichit2017Vichit2017Vichit2017Vichit2017India Markets Weekahead: Forget sentiment, look at corporate earnings … 

#HandsOffDjZinhle ya'll mind your own business..She's rich and succesful while ya'll depending on your parents and boyfriends..

5.05Cts.A+ 100% Natural Super Seven OVAL Cabochon A+ Loose Gemstones  

There are lots of things to do around the house and you can't ... More for Pisces 

#nowplaying Rinder andamp; Lewis - Willie And The Hand Jive on  #disco #discomusic 

I hate mfs in the military that try to talk to you any type of way just cause they outrank you.. like nah fam that… 

Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel 

I don't give a fuck about a single one of you druggie fucks around gbc. Please fucking overdose and die. The world will be a better place.

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

Congratulations to Coach Smith Maliwacki on receiving her tenure tonight in her teaching position. Goshen gained a great teacher and coach.

Leisure Season CL7111 Chaise Lounge with Pull-Out Tray...  

IM THE FUCKING MAN...YOU DONT GET DO YOU?  #TruRebels

BPD 911 Dispatch: 911/NO VOICE | 200 OLDHAM ST | Thu, Mar 30th 2017, 11:00 am | Medium | P170890863

'N Sync's Chris Kirkpatrick and Wife Karly Expecting First Child  

From the Mike Pence school of Fucking Garbage Takes. 

What happened to dates and flowers and fucking compliments.. guys want a woman to play the wife role yet don't know wtf a husband role is

Skinny whore gets fucked while her asshole is penetrated by a toy 

Agree. Q for US is whether it can manage the risks of nuclear N. Korea long enough for it to transition to benevole… 

Posting your personal life on Facebook. Get over yourself. Asifune kwazi.....We ain't therapists.....

Mike Cernovich Exposes Deep State Pedophilia Mechanism for Controlling Washington #TCOT #WakeUpAmerica 

Fuq himandhis bromance that he loves so much Go aheadandchoose'em over me They've been ripping you off Everybody is laughing at somebody Hahahah

Sens. Warren, Carper seek Ethics oversight of Ivanka's invasion of the West Wing 

this speech class can choke fr!!!!! getting anxious for a teacher who doesn't even give a fuck about me!!!!!

I would have fucking bashed her head to the floor 

Trust this account to think the two are even remotely fucking comparable. 

Is it hard to understand that I don't do shit because I have priorities? Can't be spending time and money

"Someone suggest songs for people who just broke up with their friends , please .. wait , I'm not saying 'please' .. I am ordering you !!!"

trying to make plans with a girl that's always busy/ might not make it, a girl who never responds/responds years later and her bf is just...

Skin tone Chicken Bone leave me Lone head ass 

Don't let your age cause you to doubt what God can do!!! God is not limited by a number!! #nowisthetime

That's it from us this morning. We'll have more GB coverage tomorrow but now our attention switched back to NIHL1 South playoffs.

Chad Reed needs to be fined big time. Fans do not pay good money to see a lapper blatantly destroy an epic battle between title contenders.

Not sure what to think of this one, communication between parent/child only via sticky notes. But I like the art.… 

#AntiZumaMarches We are tired! Zuma must go. Imfuyo yakhe imlindile KZN. We need a leader not a puppet

CHIPPENHAM and DISTRICT SUNDAY LEAGUE DIVISION ONE: Bolter and Legg net in Pheasant win  

#Wrestlemania y'all are getting it wrong, rollins pants doesn't represent gold, they represent the saiyan mode that he's in

On the conscious level, acceptance inculcates subliminal sense of caring and connection...!! 

you dont know rage til you play escape the evil hospital IM DONE WITH THIS BULLSHIT

Oh my fucking god. I fucking woke up because my fucking boardmate and her friends are so fucking noisy.

Dunno bout them but all I know is you fucked up puto.  

I'm starting to think the Trump incest rumours are real. Kushner is pimping out Ivanka in exchange for Israel wars.

The answer to yesterday's quiz was: You Can Tune a Piano, But You Can't Tuna Fish by rockers #ReoSpeedwagon! 

....and he still won the title, to which I again ask "what was he supposed to do to improve upon that"? 

Weapons are used by soldiers on the battlefiedls. If you never used them yourself, you have no idea what you're selling - Koko Hekmatyar

Always the limber conversationalist, your mind stretches into ... More for Libra 

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

#NowPlaying - Everything - House Of Black Lanterns - Listen at  #house #music #housemusic 02:19

Do the pirates fans think yelling at their pitcher with the bases loaded on a 3-1 count is going to help him!?!?

So yeah If you've ever played MV, thanks for supporting something we made with much love and attention. You're the best. x

Just got to accept that there are some cruel ass people in this world

YOU FUCKING GO SHIVA.AAAAA. YOU FUCKING GOOOOOOO #thewalkingdeaduk

Do Saudis take off their head scarf and put on a suit and tie when they visit England? Why is this even a story? 

This smart little guy followed us around the market and then was brave enough to talk to us… 

Thank you very much #OneForArthur. I'd like to say I studied your form but the truth is you had the same number as my house. #grandnational

MMS teachers make their wish lists at the book fair preview after school. Food, cold drinks and books!… 

What are Whiteheads and How to Remove them Naturally #Whiteheads #skincare #antiageing 

Tasty brew at the Walkabout Tasting Room. We are open 3-8pm today come grab a pint it goes great… 

If everyone can play a part individually then collectively we can achieve greatness! Let's Cure… 

3 Shades of Gay. Queerlenker Messe Clubstand Techno Classica 2017. Halle 13 Stand 103… 

Theresa May's battle on two fronts: PM clashes with EU and Parliament after triggering Brexit - Evening Standard 

Arthur has heard from a friend I'm on a short list of possibles to throw out the first pitch for The City Limits opening day this week!

Closed Sell 3.7 Lots EURUSD 1.06561 for -4.2 pips, total for today +38.2 pips #CrescitaConto #VitaFelice #DirettaCommerciale #Pip

#Larvitar  35.6% (5/6/5) Moves: [Rock Smash | Crunch] City: [Westmont] Timer: [07:49:22am]-(20m 58s) 

You're tired of being the responsible one, especially if you m... More for Scorpio 

“Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.” ― Albert Camus

FUCKIN FILTHY SHEEEESHH       

Been get'n emails about this... I'm TOO underground for it... that's not how it works. Thanx 4 the thoughts though.… 

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

LeadershipPform: RT AdriaanG_LP: My hope is that all leaders will read and share this. A global Leadership Revolutio… 

Huge fan of the pod! Weekly Training Grounds makes a huge difference in my life as I strive to grow as a person and player #wouldthatbegood

She still WHIPPED that fucking pony that's my girl   

You see that girl, she keeps me alive. She makes me smile. She's just perfect. Camila Cabello, I love her. 

These are so fucking sick. 

Lib Dems press panic button as FM shows she is far more stateswoman-like than May or Tank Girl (and statesman-like… 

Just In>> " Motorcyclist embarrassed when stunt goes terribly wrong " 

me lo re imagino a someone diciendo bLOODY HELL estoy llroando 

Tigers wing defence needs some work. That's 3/3 tries to the dragons cause of this #NRLTigersDragons

NEW LCD Metal Backplate Shield + Home Button Flex Ribbon Cable For iPhone 6 4.7"  

20 killed by shrine custodian in apparent cult ritual in Pakistan  

The first Dialogue at Drake showed how party members work through their issues and how students can get involved.… 

Hooray! If anyone hasn't tried Red's Kingdom yet, it's available on iOS, Steam and Mac App Store now! 

"Dad Stops Speaking To Kids After Divorce. Months Later, Teen Sees Sister’s Dress And Is Stunned 

Homestuckers are *cough* the NFL's whitest team but I get my dick sucked by my stockpile of Franken Berry I have saved for the cold months.

Although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin... More for Capricorn 

PADDYPOWER-#grandnational #aintree Bet £10 and get a FREE £10 bet new customers tandc's apply + paying 6 places… 

Time to go make a coffee i think, and sit back and watch some tele, (If there is anything worth watching that is, 

No pain no gain! Come try out our Plaza Sports Soccerfit class today and get our special rate of 40 days for only... 

one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

This thing people keep tweeting about seeing who visits your profile is getting super fucking annoying

#1.7 Cttw 14K White Gold Cushion Cut Double Row Baguette and Round Halo Diamond Engagement Ring with a 1 Carat H-I…… 

Analysis | Donald Trump’s joyless presidency  fuck you stupid's

why cant my diagnoses be important to me and actually mean something instead of me having to hide my symptoms all the time

"I didnt" I asked her again and again until she told the truth, but instead she pushed me. She started going for another push but i was able

It’s World’s Health Day! What healthy tip would you rec… — Love yourself, but not where people can see you it can … 

My main worry is getting back without crashing from drivers fatigue. Shits a 3 hour drive. Plus it's a 10 mile hike to get to the fall.

Great night Pirates we had some big performances and PRs all around! Sleep well and let's get after it tomorrow #PiratePride

Her determination to care for her children motivated her to reach where she has today. Amazing! 

IAPCO guides PCOs in new association scene « TTGmice – Asia-Pacific’s Leading Meetings, Incentives, Conventions and E… 

She rubs me the wrong way like genuinely I want to fight her all the time, but I still like her? Its a mess 

These fucking butn scars on my chest is so ugly! I can't even wear a shirt without having it zipped all the way up or a scarf on.

Hi. Hello. Took a break from Earth for a month to fully finish a small project that dates back… 

The way I have gotten things to "drop in my lap" is by not just showing up for myself but for my community #ggchat

Permanence is sacred but temporal connections can be a source of growth, which is cool. Just know temporary has an… 

#guildchat A2a Paraphrasing Elizabeth Barrett Browning, “How do I design thee? Let me count the ways.” Opening with something like that..

anyways im done ill either fucking die or tell my parents that its all their fault im fucked in teh head, their feelings be damned cause

WTF America? Call your Congressman! Call your State representative! Stop this trainwreck before ya live in a... 

Take the time to show and share a little extra kindness today - someone needs it! ~ #DTN #yestheydo 

「BABY, BABY, DON'T CRY」 SMOKEY ROBINSON and THE MIRACLES #inter_onair #nowplaying 

is this an april fools joke, someone left their razor w hair in it in my bathroom cubby....................

. So sick of this #altmedia bullshit #fakenews #syriastrikes #syriahoax . . To be WOKE you must   #thinkforyourself… 

Early start at the Shanghai International Circuit, as the Chinese GP first practice gets underway. Fastest Driver:… 

dk and seungkwan.... same as hoshi lmfao imagine putting this three together for a mission HAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!  #TreCru 

On your birthday, the #NOWGlobal family wishes you abundant happiness and blessings. May all your dreams become a... 

Template quatrefoil photo x8 template iPhone 7 case  More Designs  

Yikes! Facilities has crew on site addressing the problem. Thanks to HS admin/security for getting kids into school… 

Selfish. Another selfish penalty at the worst time. 5 minute power play for TBL now. Fucking idiot

So many of us Christians have made mistakes in our lives. DeVon Franklin wrote a book about why he chose to wait... 

Blessed to see the beauty of Bryce Canyon. Wandering one of God's wonders with my friends… 

Okay, bucky, here it is: everything you need to know about WrestleMania.  #Wrestlemania33 

All I ever wanted all I ever needed is here in my arms. That lyric makes me want to cry #DepecheMode

I just try to be nice to people and share my positive spirit but some mfs gon start seeing my mean side and it's a whole diff story 

Is the Lamborghini Miura the ultimate winter beater?  #usedcarsforsale #racine

30,000-year-old art and jewellery discovered in Wallacea -  by RO Water Filter… 

#burka sex ugly man fucking photo 

I love a morning run, feeling a sense of accomplishment early on can carry you through the day  #ukrunchat… 

My opinion you reply to so you do care. It's black women like you that make black women look stupid 

Glamorous cfnm bitches get dirty 

Pimples fucc u ur ugly I'm kidding ho I'm talking to myself 

Want to test our friendship? Let’s play #BoardKings   

Fight breaks out at Florida protest against Syria strikes; 6 arrested #florida #sunshinestate #bhive 

At least, I learned early on that ppl r ridiculous. 1 day ppl were talkin shit about RuPaul, who is just old, and a fuckin Pioneer.

The Syria attacks have brought the futures down a little but at least we know if the Dow futures ever drop 1,000 points Icahn will step in  

#30daysofSAAMwheaton starts today!!! No foolin' Today's prompt: Something teal! Post a pic of something teal and us… 

The fucking chutzpah of these Hebrews... Do they think none of us can remember anything or use Google? 

How do i get caught up in stupid ass situations???!!!

Sick to death of either seein nobs or ur minge on ur story

and now I'm really fucking pissed 

Even tho I HATE that I've been working this side job everyday after work and weekends with no days off. Feels good when that income comes in

Could not figure out what we were hearing earlier today with banging.... Just found this lil fella in our trash can… 

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

When I order Jeffree star lipstick, and they send me highlighter instead   

victorian miniature Red Paint Ocher primitive chest of drawers  

Peterstow, Hfds T 6.2C Rising TApparent 5.2C RH 97% P 1023.84mb Rising slowly Wind 0.0km/h Gust 0.0km/h --- RainToday 0.0mm

"Ooh," her brother said. "There be ghosts at the manor house." #Indiebooksbeseen #Regency… 

harry doesn't care that his song is too long to be played on the radio he didn't write it for that reason and it's still number 1

I forgot how fucking annoying it is to hangout with 18 year olds.

5:23pm Otter Tail Lake current temp 52F feels like 48F humidity 38% wind N 12 mph. Fishing forecast at 

I just want to fucking smoke a blunt to the face and I can't even do that

12333 started on 18/03/2017 Reached its destination ALY and was 88 Mins Late 

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid pics from the Alubarna Palace Baths!  #TreCru 

Can't wait for trap music to be unpopular, it's fucking gash

10:58 p.m. CDT - Severe storms crossing Val Verde County, south central Texas moving N 35, golf ball hail. #thunderstorm #tornado #severe

Today will be my last Canucks game for quite a while. Told account rep would renew if Willie was fired, he has not been so not renewing

here's an appreciation post for my other half and my whole heart. i love you to the moon and back. 

Iggy Azalea reveals she 'sold all her cars and lives in a regular house' after breaking up with Nick Young… 

will never see a dog being high as funny. your dog looks like he's in pain. it does not look fun. please stop trying to get your pets high.

The normal narwhal noticed and named while the nocturnal narwhal nodded and nodded. #normalnarwhal #nocturnalnarwhal

"Hale found ample facts supporting allegations that the protesters' injuries were a "direct and proximate result" of #Trump's actions."

Two failures on healthcare. Two failures on the travel ban. I can't wait to see what Rump fails at next.

Don't say you love someone if you don't. Don't make promises you can't keep. Don't bother if you never really cared.

dozens of people followed me and 9 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Whether you use #android, #iOS, windows or others, just watch this movie:  

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at a shadowy criminal empire!  #TreCru 

Amazing small businesses doing awesome things. Check out the #GrimeFighters from FBI Sales at Manly today until 6pm 

Oops exclamation marks. Someone's seems upset. I'm sorry I just wanted to know  ‍  ‍  ‍ 

Beyonce Full Nude Photo Shoot #beyonceispregnant #beyoncetwins #yh 2071478291 

Some people just don't fucking get that you're going through something.

Sideway seagulls, cute bunnies and a shooting star. #sketchnotes from a beautiful day in NZ during our 2014/15 worl… 

Donald Trump Jr. talks about running for governor of New York  #NYPost #NewYorkPost

#Hezbollah Can Storm Galilee despite All Border Measures: Occupation regime says 

Jenny is now available for adoption! This female Hound is 6yrs 1mth old. Learn more at 

It's nearly impossible to see the downside of a plan today. In... More for Sagittarius 

Painting disabled people as ‘workshy’: that’s what benefits cuts are all about | Frances Ryan 

attain the blessings of primordial Buddha nature: infinite bliss, infinite fulfillment and universal conscious enlightenment.

Looking for Coachella wristbands is the fucking worst!

UNPRECEDENTED: Pope Francis moves Roman Corpus Christi procession from Thursday to Sunday  

and all ppl wanna talk about is curry isn't the same how you gonna be in a shooting slump and still be top 5 lol 

Reveal your health status, amount spent in UK or face legal action – Group tells Buhari  

Friends, a shiny video is here  Resident evil VR, part 1 (Swedish/English) 

Color Run is skipping Racine this year - has drawn thousands of participants in the past. 

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

not to spoil anything but i made the mistake to look at the chapter 98.11 raws and what the fuck. i am. losing my mind my dudes. what the fu

#Craig Shakespeare labels himself 'The Lucky One' after becoming a record breaker alongside Jose Mourinho #football… 

#NowPlaying Bill LeFaive - Orlando :: Tune In :  - Buy It  

They r not my dad..My mom want to push pressure on fucking dick head

It's 5 o'clock somewhere..... ya here ya fucking idiot. #cometospens

Moncada: "I felt really good with my bat, with my swing. I hit the ball with authority throughout the whole field. My legs were loose"

Cops: Girl, 13, jumps from moving car to escape suspect in kidnap, rape - CBS News  #SmartNews #usaidiots

Drawing a comics about a roleplaying game: 30% 'cause it's cool 70% so I can place the blame for my continuity mistakes on the made-up GM.

Pls keep voting for the queen to win the money... We can do it Bossnation .. 

My followers live in Indonesia (68%), South Korea(10%)... Get your free map:  

Melody taller than a motherfucker.   She puffed her chest up and looked down on ol girl. #BlackInkCrew

Hi   Thank you for everything lifesaver! I made this draw for you! I hope you enjoyed this draw! I love you Zayn … 

I asked this ho for mayo and she talking about she gave me ranch  like bitch idgaf I'm asking you for mayo

Everything is investigated, nothing is ever charged. Good Ol' boy network includes Republicans and Democrats. They all have "skeletons"!

We are digitally taking African Talent to the World sa_onlinetv #we_promote_african_artists… 

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

The most important thing in communication #quote #socialmedia #contentmarketing #socialmediamarketing… 

We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: JDHuntr Attorney Law Jobs 20169 Attorney –... -  #Legal

Keep me off the drink until the weekend fucking hell Ana I can walk but I was runnin up Northumberland street mortal to munchies LN    

Gligar (IV: 60.0%) (16:09:04) Trenchard Ave, ST16 3QB for 28m 6s A:12, D:10, S:5, Size: large 

Leicester City 2 Stoke City 0: Craig Shakespeare writes name into Premier League history as Foxes revival continue… 

Betsy DeVos's brother held secret meeting to establish Trump-Putin backchannel: report  

How did I survive #deltameltdown from Melbourne Fl. To Louisville Ky. with a connection in Atlanta all in the same day

My bhabis; Sadhna Prabhaand reshma.. I'm still ur child!. I can't replace sesho and anil bhsiya My nieces and nephews.... 

Phwaaaaaarrrrr head is doing fucking over time, let me sleep  

All the 1% out there hate the rebales and hell Angeles so fuck them up

Fowler with a snap hook to the 13th green. Wish every fairway laid out like that for my tee balls. #Masters  

Today there have been thought provoking comments about how #InclusiveEd principles can be applied to other aspects of #SLPeeps practice 1/4

..aaaaaand everyone saying to "DO SOMETHING" in Syria yesterday will now call Trump a warmonger. 

Participating in a group, whether with friends or family, is a... More for Pisces 

Frank Ocean is blessing us with even more new music with help from friends Jay-Z and Tyler, the Creator… 

i'm terrible when it comes to assignments idgaf about. i just wrote 3 sentences in my summary and fucked off for 10 mins.

"You wouldn't believe what she asked me....'Do you have McDonalds money?'....I'm 6, what money?" 

fucking writers pissed me off 

"God, you're fucking pathetic." 

A perfect excuse to enjoy the sunshine every day. The FIAT 500X.  : Anthony A. 

At work and this guy is talking about me to his friend not knowing I'm literally 5 feet away hearing every word coming from his fucking mouth

Judge Curiel Gives OK to Trump University Lawsuit Settlement  

 3DS XL Lot Of 18 Games With Original Box Barely Used (Mario Edition) 

The person who calls themselves a student is more a master than those who try to wear the title... #Entrepreneur 

#golf News from Fox Sports! The 10 best possible outcomes of the 2017 Masters, ranked 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

Amazon Kindle Fire HD 3HT7G 64GB, Wi-Fi + 4G LTE 8.9in TouchScreen Tablet  

Earphones Are Great Instruments You Can Use To Ignore Negative Comments Or Anyone For That Matter If You're Rolling Alone.

#AshtonTheCat is feeling majestic AF tonight. He hopes you will join him now by also being… 

March was a fab reading month for me! Check out these books  #IndieBooksBeSeen #Giveawaytime 

A recent course I took part in. Always happy to teach the guys. DM me for further details regarding courses.… 

LADBROKES RACECLUB VIRTUAL OWNER Ladbrokes Raceclubs Virtual Owners is more info.. -  

Dialogue and distributed flyers to the community re awareness against Illegal drugs and Robbery /Theft 

Marquei como visto The Walking Dead - 7x15 - Something They Need  #bancodeseries

It's bullshit how I still have to go to class even though i'm sick as hell

That shooting happened on the next street by my aunts house . I thank the lord for not taking one of mine .  

There will be vengeance for the #SaintPetersburg attack, and it's not going to be fun for the jihadis. 

IM SO FUCKING PISSED!!! I HATE YOU TRUMP, I WANTED TO START WW3

In 2014, I'll increase my sfnse of exfstential dread by posting many Missed Connection ads about meeting myself.

A masterpiece and soo stunning and I'm shaking right now because you are soo gorgeous and Perfect and perfection 

Ivy League colleges offer free tuition to certain students — here's how financial aid packages stack up 

like something makes me happy?? thinking abt it for hours straight. something pisses me off?? boi there goes my week

I often hear young musicians say they’re not sure exactly what they want to do after they… 

#Trending |-| Watch: Tasha Cobbs Performance For Mt. Zion St. Jude Benefit Concert  #GospelMusic

I really don't get why ppl start rumors about other people when it's not true like do u not realize it just makes u look dumb ???  

this guy became my nemesis since the life he once enjoyed was allowed to cease i too wanted the guy to cease to… 

#backtoschool First And Second Grade Classroom Supply Pack  #schoolsupplies 

Report of Rose-Coloured Starling West Runton late pm: no reports since 4.30pm. If anyone catches it can they include us in the tweet please?

I hate all TV channels now...only IK is everywhere..ye channels bik gaye hain dash :D

This weekend! Fri 7th The Musician Pub, Leicester Sat 8th The Diamond, Sutton In Ashfield 

When your intentions are transparent and good,why think of dress.People have idle minds - 

Virginia students forced to copy the Islamic conversion prayer and praise muhammad   #breaking

[Southwest Raleigh] 64% Vaporeon  (13/15/1, Water Gun/Hydro Pump) 'til 09:27:03am (24m 58s). 

  YASSS It's time for a great show Firefighter ASL  :  

Justifying tipping Penrith cos they beat the Knights 40-0....against an undefeated storm.......in Melbourne   calm down Braithwaite

Give up sleeping for a week and then listen to this song. You'll feel right at home in old cinema skin, darling. 

Brunette Woman With Enhanced Tits Gets Her Pussy Fucked By Shawn 

Her face turned lobster red "You're welcome..." She ran her fingers through her hair. 

Companies won't explain high price of preemie drug that costs provinces $43M per year -  

Seeing all the news about Tarjei makes me so happy but also sad bc I'm not there (?) I've met 0 cast members and so many people have-

Last night was a clear example that people will, entertain your downfall and overlook your come up.

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Meet Nicki Minaj's Alleged 'Butt Doctor' Who Allegedly 'Hooked Nicki Up Right Before She Got Put On 

Protecting victims and their families? How do we do it? Candidates have some suggestions #philabarDAforum

My fitbit #Fitstats_en_US for 4/03/2017: 5,401 steps and 2.2 miles traveled. 

OMG! this guy has hacked both women's accounts he is an idiot to do this! #BarbaUnderFire

Bitches never made me mad they just had me laughing   ‍

Have you noticed? Every 360° camera has a blind spot at the very bottom of the field of view. That's where the demons hide.

I have a fucking econ test tomorrow and i feel like im not in the mood to study

Here we have a leader willing to state faltering #economy due to domestic issues - what a change from the West 

Ugh. Getting my second-to-most-recent bitbake command was this easy all along. I had always tried ctrl-r, up-arrow,… 

I've watched this video probably ten times --I can tell that Trump did something wrong and he's afraid of punishment 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

Many women over 50 find it hard to manage their careers because of their age and gender 

If you post a mass of tweets of the same thing at the same time I will unfollow you. Spread them out!

If you're looking for work in #SanAntonio, TX, check out this #job:  #Hiring #CareerArc

Four days after Trump admin declared publicly a war criminal (Assad) can...  by… 

Business rates are the subject of hot debate. Get to grips with the basics with our QandA  

A federal court of appeals may conclude #TitleVII prohibits #discrimination against #LGBTQ employees. Find out why: 

me 100% my fucking chest feels like it's about to burst when I lay in bed at night 

If youre my friend, please text me and distract me from having a mental breakdown at my job thanks(:

Now I'm getting fucking sick omg like I wanna fucking cry

 Getting Flight Delay Compensation for Infants and New Wider Seats in Coach #Parentable

I've never been to the tea house in my life cuz that's where fucking phonies go

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Just Pinned to Masks: seraphim_finished9 -by Miss   

Amazing Spider-Man # 129/ Lionsgate Films Reprint / 1st Appearance of Punisher  

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Way these bitches hate I hope they get a check for it

Check this out: How Pharma Companies Game the System to Keep Drugs Expensive -  - I help the University of Utah ho…

Not everyone loves their kids immediately after giving birth to them. It takes months and even years for some. Understand before judging. 

real tired of queer cis men trying to insert themselves in [cis, trans*, queer] women's spaces  

"Bloody Hell Liz! I'm on a #Podcast" #Comedy #Monarchy  

Early sunrise at FxF.... Advantages of being up early! #sunrise #early #Workout #wakeup… 

I'm so done with life this week just fucking get be a bottle of bevy

Finally stops.... then I carried him back to the fence, had to jump it with him in my hand... my heart hurts, that was horrible       

Umm, why are the kids ‘shouting out to their ex’ on that Kid Bopz album?! - YOU’RE FIVE, SIT DOWN AND DRINK A RIBENA!

Food waste digesters to be installed in 10 schools by end-May - The Straits Times  

#Shaq is crazy as hell    #LeBronJames #TheList 

So I had a tweetstream earlier in which I became my own worst nightmare and threw some shade on the music theory community.

Shemale gets fucked and fucks bareback 

Improve your hair skin and nails. Complete nutrition you will notice.  #hair #hairstyle… 

CanadiensMTL: Plekanec is already celebrating game No. 917 in style with a goal tonight! #GoHabsGo 

Think you can solve it? Reserve your tickets today by calling 620-662-1425. #MurderMystery #DinnerTheatre #nightout 

Man charged over alleged dog attack in Bolton on Sunday. Daniel Hennessy, 39, of Curzon Road, Halliwell will appear in court on Tuesday

The storms here aren't fucking nuts!      

This idiot is supposedly a business woman and yet she doesn't even know what "being complicit" means. This family,… 

  ITS GOING TO BE A GNARLY FUCKING NIGHT WITH A WAVE NIGGA!! Cali Dinero (BIRTHDAY BOY) AND ME (RIO... 

Syrian civilians are bombed daily by their own government and fascist leader and y'all don't think the U.S. should intervene? Can't relate

We're 5 days away from one of our BIGGEST events of the year -- don't miss out!! 

im so fucking sick of Trump using the word "us" like NOOOOOOO

So what about " im not afraid to die? Or push me to the edge?" How does that correlate with money? 

fuck rick and morty im sick of that bullshit #Toonami

[TheTrent] Joseph Prince Daily Grace Inspiration: God Is Your Strength  

  bhookedcrochet: It’s finished!! I love this blanket so much. The pattern was really simple and the... 

IM HERE TO SPAM UR CC BC NO ONE LEFT ME ANYTHING ON... — WTF I'LL SPAM U ON CC!!! 

ZFX In Their Nature #BONDAGE #BDSM #GAGGED A demented father and son duo tune up junior's girl with some hot wax… 

Obsessive Compulsive Cycling Disorder is an anthology of thirty articles written by an amateur cyclist ove  #cycling

Saudi Arabia pledges big projects to soften austerity hit  #business 

#Sindarius Thornwell Thank you for your leadership. Thank you for choosing Carolina.  

If Gronk was black they would not be celebrating him as much as they are tho. That spike he does would be a flag ev… 

Imagine being so woefully unintelligent that you ask a Twitter bot a FUCKING QUESTION THIS PERSON IS ALLOWED TO VO… 

Norwich City and Huddersfield Town reach agreement for Stuart Webber to be #NCFC #Canaries #OTBC #FNH 

Real talk left school bc of my illness but it's still fuckin with me leaving only helped my anxiety to a certain extent

March was a month filled with shambles! Check out my most recent vlog to see what I dealt with!… 

MET welcomes Alexander McCuaig as Strategy Director to senior management team. His experience will bolster company… 

2in1 Face Neck Chin Roller Massage Slimming Remove Line  

#FastCompanyLA May 16-17. Click here for our 2 for 1 ticket offer:  

How can someone that's make you the happiest person in the world can make you to the angriest by just their mood

Frustrated Man Commits Suicide In Niger State  

Your trainer profile is your personal brand. It's how you sell yourself and your training services...… 

Yeah ... beatings ... That was a real thing, in the Catholic world. And child abuse - real. But we must forgive the church? - fuck that.

I'm forever thankful for the people that make stupid ass threads of stuff that makes me crack up

meals could be as important as what you eat to improve body composition and help to decrease risk for obesity-related diseases like type 2 …

Imagine having the ability to achieve instant, powerful erections whenever you want... -  

If the K-drama industry makes a show as good as Criminal Minds where some stars show up I'll watch it.

Too lazy to exercise? Promise yourself just 5 minutes of working out. After that 5 minutes, you'll most likely be motivated to continue.

Will Ghost In The Shell Be The First Blockbuster To Have Its Box Office Affected By Whitewashing Complaints? …… 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

A leader, who always served his nation with pure dedication and affection.The world of Cricket will miss you.… 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

California Parole Board rules Raiders fans may not cross state lines to go to games in Las Vegas - Sports Pickle 

#CoPromote members who share each other once are 90% likely to do so again. #loyalty  

What is wrong with this fucking world that some people think this is acceptable,god help these ppl bc the UN won't 

NPMCN RELEASES MARCH 2017 PART I FELLOWSHIP EXAM SCREENING RESULT IN FAMILY DENTISTRY. 

I have always been ugly to the bitch that hated me.

How to Avoid Spam Filters - Tips for Email Marketing with MyNewsletterBuilder (MNB) - 

Good morning from Patagonia       First day shooting in Bariloche was bloody EPIC!!! So many… 

I've just watched episode S01E01 of 13 Reasons Why!  

Any jurisdiction being told "we must convert to wind and solar" watch the clip and read this report! 

I think its a human thing. We've all had those moments when we've felt remorse about something but end up doing at… 

Democratic women senators are on the floor to talk about why #Gorsuch is wrong for Americans. Watch us live: 

The Acquirers Multiple Small and Micro Screen returned 1.6 percent this week, trailing the 2.3 percent R2000 RUT return by -0.7 percent.

Young And Youthful will be releasing a SPECIAL, limited release with kingchiavanchi this… 

i've been watching 13 reasons why for 8 hours straight and i keep telling myself this is the last episode but i keep clicking next episode 

No matter how you feel. Get up, dress up, show up and never give up Good afternoon 

Catch a break or catch a case period. Like I'm fucking falling asleep standing up.

Bitches really be mad when u can just stop speaking to them suddenly.... we ain't married bitch I honestly could care less

#Airbus, #Boeing close in on #Qantas' ultra-long haul dream - The Japan News : 

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Standard/Queen Couples Pillowcases,Al..." by beautifullifehouse.  #giveaway

Why won't the NHL allow its players to go to the 2018 Winter Olympics? #GeneralNews 

Bugtraq: SEC Consult SA-20170403-0 :: Misbehavior of PHP fsockopen function  #bugtraq

Threesome here to fulfill your fantasies #VipEscorts get in touch Now  

Can you live with it..lovin’ me for life…to have and hold 4ever…baby ride or die..til death do us part..let’s make… 

Clare hand out 20-point beating to Waterford in Munster minor hurling opener  

That guy ran on the field to protest the fact that the view of the city from the outfield is dominated by a fucking parking garage.

PAIR~Vintage Czech Perfume Bottles and Tray~Signed~RARE~5"Tall~Excellent Condition  #perfumeandpharmacy

The Rockies have started strong, taking the 1st 2 games of this Opening Series. Tonight, Tyler Chatwood takes the mound for his 1st start.

There needs to be a worldwide policy of swift action against any person who uses Weapons of Mass Destruction.

I love that Dak isnt in the club on a Friday night in the offseason. He's just supporting his school being a normal dude. Zeke take notes...

spain: Follow in the footsteps of #ErnestHemingway in #Navarra. A 1001 #adventures!  

I am not here 2 collect meaningless followers > I was happy at 100 they choose to follow cos they like my tweets.… 

jacob whitesides is my fucking world and no one will change that 

I play but I don't spend money on it anymore... Not worth it. Ill wait for COD WWII! 

This does not bode well for Battle Angel Alita. Or as Cameron would call it, Alita: Battle Angel. Hollywood... 

Theatre artists in Kathmandu might be ‘breaking a leg’ before performances but are they also breaking the bank?… 

#BREAKING 20 people have been murdered and four others wounded at a Pakistani Sufi shrine by men wielding batons and knives

This is much a more difficult and impressive feat than people give it credit for being. 

If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud. -Émile Zola #quote

I am fascinated by the idiom of terrorism discourse: lone wolf, and now 'leakage behaviour'. Would love to do CDA. ! 

We are cranking along on this project. We should have a finished room for your use by the end of next week. We app…… 

This Makeup Artists' Looks Are Seriously Creeping People Out  

You have every right to protect your family and home from worthless thrives and the girlfriend who talked them into… 

More ENT'MENT on last link. Pearl Jam, Tupac and Joan Baez join Rock and Roll Hall of Fame  

"Now it is important to rest and restart": Antonio Conte's post-Bournemouth reaction 

Regret is not your friend. Don't let it get ahold of you. #lifetips #lifelessons  

My room is: CO2: 544ppm Pressure: 1020.88hPa Temperature: 23.54°C Humidity: 42.71% Luminosity: 250Lux 2017/04/04-16:37:27

'#Acetic Acid' prevent discoloration of shrimp and fish. Used in plastics, dyeing and removing warts. 

Why Are States Working Separately to Develop the Same Education Standards? | Knowledge Bank via US News 

You ever look in the mirror before you go to school and think, "Oh my sauce why am I finna do this?"

have started learning #javascript along with #drupal. my drupal is at intermediate level. so I have confidence that no need whole day for it

Naw, man...that would be so fucked up if you did that  

"Now is the time for fresh thinking, new ideas and a greater sense of respect and passion." - Brian Colbert

My AG shirt has arrived for the Neil Gaiman/Bryan Fuller talk in two weeks!! 

I'm not Christian nor am I even religious but she's just so positive I want to be her friend so bad 

guys I just think that the fan base(s) are in enough shambles can we get together, enjoy sharing the love? the world is bad enough 2/2

I've been on skype with Adele for 5 hours and with Mel for 1 hour. I've never had so much fun talking on Skype :)

fucking my obese wife during the time that a dildo sticks out of her wazoo 

+The 3-Step Plan to Improve Your Chances of Orgasming - men report orgasming almost always during sex 

Schoolgirl Brutally Fucked Up The Ass 

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

"RT Taylor902100: Gonna get FUCKED up tonight    

"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." (Ralph Waldo Emerson) #quote

Alienware M14x R2 14" (500GB, Intel Core i5 3rd Gen., 2.5GHz, 8GB) Notebook -...  #alienware

I won like 4 rounds of bp........ and it's 7am.......... goodnight lmfao I'm fucked

These really fucking me up   

Birthdays can be so overwhelming, I get so shy. Like EVERYONE I know on the planet reaches out. So thankful for another beautiful year. 

Argentina legalizes medical cannabis, creates research program with free access - The Cannabist: The…  #Health US

This sounds superficial and every girl says this but getting hit on by guys gets so fucking creepy and annoying I'm so sick of it

Nope..I want to know why he is just now coming out with this and why his witnesses are John Kerry and Loretta... 

How mad do you think Tucker and DeRozan are that Lance gave them no reaction. Cool guys don't look at explosions

and none of u guys have a vid of this!?!!! FUCK U GUYS, u disappointed me harmos 

you say you miss us but if you really fucking did you wouldnt keep lying. I get you're desperate to come home but stop hurting us.

Season 2 is a fucking madness 

I fucking hope it's us tbh... Titans I can see it happening too! 

Russian warships enroute toward US destroyers is true news, or fake news? I think we'll soon find out. Nobody is acknowledging the report.

#index of teenies negro fucked indian maid 

No. Because that'd be fucking stupid. Just like you. 

regrann from knowledge_1s_power - #Repost  ・・・ Blood thirsty US government… 

SpotifyCares: DimarHan Hi Dimar! Can you DM us your account's email address? We'll take a look backstage /MG 

Damn Hot Indeed. With Sometimes by The Cruel Horizon. Check this out. Thanx guys! 

Wholesale fibre price cut to benefit broadband users, says Ofcom: Ofcom is to cut the wholesale price…  #news #news

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Reunion Night! We are bringing back all the contestants tonight and featuring the three finalists Tiffany Lee... 

Resonable Priced Ariela Espadrilles KENDALL + KYLIE Buy Now #BestBuy at  

fucking aries season im tellin ya 

WHO IS READY FOR A LOOK AT THE GRAND NATIONAL FENCES?  LIKE IF CAN'T WAIT  RETWEET IF YES COZ YOU'RE BACKING… 

Hama responding to both horse and handsome pretty much sums him up perfectly. Lol. 

6 Essential Strategies to Build a Thriving Customer Community  #socialmedia #marketing… 

So his kids live in the guest house because he's worried they may spit up on a 30K rug vice a 200$ one..Okaaay #southerncharm

I made my husband a sandwich with onions and now I regret my decision as he recites every "h" word into my face

People in your immediate environment may be the cause of emoti... More for Capricorn 

#nybudget VIELKIND HOT TAKE: We still don’t have anything definitive from the #nysenate, still no big ugly. My guess is Sunday PM session.

Summer is right around the corner. What can this year’s summer meal sites learn from last year?  #HungerFreeKids

Been saying that for months always jam tommorow wouldnt be surprised to see a placing land before the licences are… 

What a fucking mockery of a fanbase! 

Menlyn's Maine stay: It’s the little things that count When I last put my Joburg feet in our country’s fair capita… 

John Donne died 386 years ago today in London age 58. Poet, coined, No man is an island and for whom the bell tolls.… 

Omg she put her pussy on a dirty child's ride 

I've never been one to push religion but girl you need fucking Jesus. 

Why the #EU’s fuss over Trump’s ambassador pick? Maybe because he is not an Arse Kisser 

4 Steps to Reverse Engineer Your Performance Metrics  

If you are into the outdoors and survival check this out!  

Get ready, constitutional lawyers... to help prop up the wall of separation. This is going to be one mean fight! #FightTheocracy

Thank you to Mrs. Benson's class for allowing me to read Stormy's Hat today during Read Across America Week! What a… 

Osh Kosh Girls Denim Orange And White Ruffle Jumper Size 4T  

New role to help pregnant women in Caithness #pregnant #women #caithness  

11:11 message. just a fucking message. i'm sticking with you 11:11

The reason why this so called "LIFE" is worth living for.   #AdenSeiuli #Newportbeach #Adenwithdraws 1 more day and… 

You're whistling while you work today, and it's almost as if y... More for Scorpio 

i hate when girls refer to me as so n so's girl or so n so's friend. u know my instagram name/ twitter name/ snapchat name. girl u know me  

If his whore wife worked he wouldnt t have to hire the stupid kids

BishopJakes : I lift up my eyes to the hills; my help comes from the LORD. He who keeps you will not slumber. -Psal… 

#GhostInTheShell this guy. The Majors got her eye on him. Also he seems nervous. 

Everything seems to be falling into place today. However, ther... More for Taurus 

Mandeep can bat at the top in KL's absence for #RCB. He has opened the innings for India in T20 before. #IPL10

why is it always US who steps up FIRST and helps other countries? cus thats who WE are and what WE stand for #AMERICA

#ArtificialIntelligence #AI Is It Time to Jump on the Passive Investing Bandwagon? 

REAL SHIT BRO I MISS RAMDITION!!!!! 

DEESEE(TM) Cute Tuxedo Style Pet Dogs Suit Coat Small Puppy Dogs Clothes (XS, White)  

"can i copy your homework?" yeah just change it up a bit so it's not obvious    

An idiot i had to listen to while I was getting my eyebrows done   

After reading 'How Glooscap Created Sugarloaf Mountain' we went outside and recorded Natural and Human-made structu… 

#voluptuous fucking bunny ranch 

Strong T-Storms 4 Miles S of Wilkesboro N Carolina to 15 Miles SW of Spartanburg S Carolina Moving E At 30... #ncwx 

Watch out now, take care beware of greedy leaders They take you where you should not go...Beware of Darkness - Nov 27, 1970 -George Harrison

My Biggest Homeschool Mistakes:  #ihsnet #homeschooling 

How would your #Business like 20 chances to WIN part of $40,000 in top industry #Marketing Tools:… 

Years come and go, and most of them just plain suck. but you know? i think i can make this one worth it.

I don't doubt my boys' talents at all the only thing I worry about is their styling when they have a comeback   #iKON

I need this for my birthday. This would be so certi for Notting Hill Carnival. 

I need to start fucking with the library    

Watch Ariana Grande And Mac Miller Kiss Onstage After Performing ‘The Way’  

Security cam captures a slut getting eaten out and fucked on the street 

Don’t expect family fare from Kathy Griffin’s April 14 comedy tour on the Coast 

eemo girl skreeming wile being fucked 

Trump and House tax plans have one thing in common: They likely hit nonprofits hard 

This shocked me so I clicked to know what could make such a beautiful model suicide then I found out she's a med st… 

4get sometimes what a hottie MC is, n his natural habitat #TalkingDead #TheWalkingDead #Southland awe... the look btwn SGM and MC    

The weight of the game is immense; #tlightning at Boston Bruins Game Thread now open. 

reliving the fucking feels 

I had a friend back stab me by stealing my mate right under me last yr and I tried to forgive this person but the HATE just keeps building

UNC huge win 2night over Oregon 77-76, amazingly got the win w/HicksandBerry going a combine 3of26 FGs. Rebounding key, National title Monday

Loony Professors Suggest Parents Could Be Randomly Assigned Babies to End Racism 

PM Christie: Financial Performance 'Adversely Influenced' by Hurricane Matthew... 

I bet the person who emails in golf penalties 24 hours after the fact is a truly joyous person to be around at parties.

He fucked me over my books on the table 

 ~ Make Your Home Smell Amazing with a Trip to the Supermarket 

‘It’s not just fine. I don’t have a son,’ Sadek’s mother says as ND Senate guts informant bill 

Serious question tho.... How do you climax if you're getting raped??? I can barely cum off of sex I want. No jokes intended but how???

Get the fuck away from me I hate all of you, faithfully This world was never made for me #FTP

Using the almond 'leftovers' from making your own almond milk - we love this! #awesomeidea #wastefree... 

Have you seen 'The Handmaid's Tale' trailer yet? >>  

You may be not-so-secretly exploring a variety of strategies t... More for Aries 

Eunwoo found his middle school id in his wallet (old one i assume) and he decided to share it with everyone lol.

Wow Air #721 is expected to arrive at Keflavik Int'l (BIKF/KEF) in 29 minutes at 09:23 CDT  #flightaware

#WTL in the mood for deep talks. what do you think about gender equality? i would reply the interesting one. -BYG

Exclusive: Glencore in talks to sell global oil storage stakes - sources  brandnaware 

Damonte Dodd's snap rn has me fucking geeked this man is hammered!  

More show suggestions in this week's #ShowsConcertsGigs list.  Let us know if we're missing… 

Elizabeth Warren-Backed Candidate Looks To Unseat GOP Congresswoman In California  #Trump

Just like your living space needs to be swept and mopped regul... More for Virgo 

Congress just cleared the way for internet providers to sell your web browsing history - The Verge 

                  Zuma did this, ZUMA FUCKING DID THIS       

Everyone needs to stop getting offended so easily .. I'm afraid for 2018 and 2019.. think about 2025. The word "potato" will be "offensive"

FCC 'conspiring' with telecoms to put Net neutrality roll-back in fast lane: Ajit Pai, is reportedly "moving quickly to replace the Obam

Campus food today: hot dogs, corn dogs, sausages, potatoes 3 ways, popcorn, milkshakes, pizza, burgers, sandwiches, soup and salad. "Healthy"

Damn son this hurt me and I hate the cowboys 

Accident, shoulder blocked in #Charlotte on Brookshire Blvd. Outbound at I-485 #traffic 

Growlithe  (11/8/14, Bite / Body Slam) has appeared! Available until 17:00:17 (29m 42s)(395/MainSt/Wlmrt/MalibuPk). 

Heacham Weather:Temp=14.9C and is Rising.Low=8.6C and high=15.2C.Pressure=1009.1mb and is Rising.Wind=1.6mph W and gust 8.3mph.Rain today=0.0mm.

I can hear the chorus of millions of leftist radicals removing the pacifiers from their mouths and shouting, "Racis… 

#haitian girls pussy fucking online games 

Fucked in the mouth and pussy his girlfriend 

Sign up and get fucked by a MILF at  

i'm flabbergast at how it fails on every single level politically technically narratively good fucking lord this is a garbagefire

When you know you're destined for greatness,your potential haunts you. You won't feel complete until you succeed.

From Media Guardian: Darcus Howe, writer, broadcaster and activist, dies aged 74 

There is a sacredness in tears..They are messengers of overwhelming grief...and of unspeakable love. ~ Washington Irving #wisdom

Brutal #Anal #Orgasm makes her pussy flow  #Sex #Porn 

Pastry Chef Responsible for breakfast, desserts and afternoon teas for small luxury 4 start hotel. We ar...

Although your intuition is functioning at a very high level to... More for Taurus 

also it makes me think of Anglicizing “Naruto” as “Nart” which fucking slays me

jed:is the coast clear? *eye emoji* me:yeh jed:have the page where i got it from- *sends an innocent destroying picture* me:wHAT THE FUCK--

§ Engelbert Humperdinck Parrot Records 8-Track Cartridge, Pop lot of 3  

Congrats NC Tar Heels! #NCAAChamps Great finish to another fantastic March Madness Tourney! How'd y'all do in your… 

God damn that was a fucking bullet. 

1D isn't over. Its in these moments that you realize it's just beginning. They're One Direction no matter how far they part #SignsOfTheTimes

Phil Thompson Believes Liverpool Should Use Mamadou Sakho as a 'Bargaining Tool' for Virgil van Dijk 

Why does my neighbor has a fucking machete in his car?

⒍ #BJP_Killing_RTI ⒎ #SaifPreityBackAgain ⒏ 2 Years Of Raina Ki Shaadi ⒐ CRPF ⒑ Shane Watson 2017/4/4 06:45 IST 

You might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie... More for Cancer 

What happens if Puerto Rico becomes an independent nation? #PR51st #PuertoRicoStatehood #Statehood 

Definitely Sport Make Women's Body Stronger And Sexier. These Are The Most Sexiest Female Athletes 

Los Angeles to specify the double-helical structure of protein to have been fertilized by the window for duplicating of all

The Reebok Zoku Runner "Multi-Color" drops this Saturday.  

Silver gets fucked on camera for a living 

Imagine a fucking giraffe running towards you. Truly one of the scariest things on Earth.

Social Worker - Level 1 (21 hours per week) (Shaftesbury): Closing date: 30…  #DorsetJobs

Our very first Points Standings of the year are now available! The Race to the Tour Championship is on,... 

Your legendary determination motivates you to logically calcul... More for Capricorn 

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Kids that grow up with family and not the parents,often will be emotionally distant from them and harbour some form of hidden resentment.

MASAKI YODA 2017/1 ALBUM -Carrying The Future-  #ハイレゾ #musique #Japon #INFORMATION

I don't like getting talked to like I'm a damn idiot.

So Attack on Titan season two is apparently out now and I know I need to watch it but everyone's reactions are making me laugh.

Y would someone's gf sit in the middle of a bunch of other bfs and be touching and laughing wit'm, guess what they say ab sophomores be true 

I also got both posters and I was going to chose which one I liked more to frame and hang up. But I love both of them.  

Davido visits #BBNaija Housemates.. and they went crazy!  

BREAKING : Senile Pelosi Says Trump's Border Wall is an "Insult to Our Hemisphere" 

I love #MarkhamThornhill - it's full of diverse communities that care about their home and their culture… 

Tatooed latina slut gets fucked from 

This made me mildly uncomfortable I'm fucking screaming 

When I was 10 my dad went to North Carolina for work and brought me home a Tarheel basketball shirt and I loved them ever since  

Dat bitch as where I'm going I say to the top      Dat bitch wat I'm doing I say gettin guwop    ‍ 

I repeat... EA bails out EVERYONE I AM FUCKING PLAYING RN... FUCKING AWFUL

#quote I’m just human. I have weaknesses, I make mistakes, and I experience sadness; but I learn from all these things and they make me a bett

Let Domino’s (Yes, Domino’s) Inspire Your Customer Experience  

Prescott Valley police: Officers wound man who fired at them  

Spicer Trump "believes that Mike Flynn should go testify". #RT  

"There's a lot that is good in your life — don't take it for granted. Don't get so focused on… 

All I plan to do for the remainder of my Saturday is perfect my tweet. #IfYouStayReadyYouDontHaveToGetReady  

"I'm going to kill them all. Every fucking one of them" -Eren #AoTQuotes

Salamat MayWard La Union Chapter sa Thanks Giving party at Happy 4th monthsary sa inyo..I love… 

#PTXBohemianRhapsody #PTXVOL4 this is just perfect!!!! Me and my mom have been listening to it since I came home fr… 

Somebody, Push me on a #dick, please ! Push,don't be shy  

#2017AlreadyTaughtMe That sometimes I don't have exes , I only have examples of what I should never do again .

"Because I'm mad bitch   " 

Everybody in Pakistan is responsible for the poor situation in Balochistan other than the Baloch themselves. A per… 

somebody ever start telling you a story and it's irrelevant so you just sit there like 

Idk how my parents don't understand I can't work the fucking hours they expect me to work but want me to go to school too

Celebrate easter with the awesomeness of God in this years #TeensConference2017. powered by Christ Embassy. 

Oh YOU know the gop will totally regret it. They will be out of power soon.. with nothing they can do! No idea abou… 

can I ever just live...every time I do something "damn u bougie" you this... you just tryna- BITCH CAN I LIVE  

This week Toytec Lifts is moving to our new world HQ in the heart of Denver, Colorado. Watch this page for a live... 

Destruction of our country by a bloviating idiot is perhaps just desserts for coddling bigotry for hundreds of years. Can we still save it?

i figured someone sounded familiar in dumb dumb i didnt realized they were naming michael jacksons songs

Parenting hack: How to make homemade slime for kids - ABC News - ABC News  - #parenting

I can't believe citizens elected Trump as president, the lack of sympathy is sad, now there's consequences

tbh, people i befriend in social media are more genuine that people i befriend in real life. that is based on my own experience tho.

Vols score 13 runs in the top of the 2nd. Haake back out for the bottom of the inning. Vols lead 15-0

It's easier to draw now that I'm doing it every day. Not all are great, some are stick figures, but damn it feels good.

The Chainsmokers and Coldplay - Something Just Like This | Channa Mereya (... 

#NowPlaying Put The Cuffs On Me - Acoustic by The Tide #ShareTheTide #PTCOMAcoustic #PutTheCuffsOnMe ♫ 

Varsity Baseball is HOME today vs. Cannon School at 4:30 pm! #pdschargers  

Notice how willing Trump was to take credit for a successful attack, but also how quickly he blamed his generals for a failed one.

Some girl legit just turned and asked me if we had the test today like uh yeah you're screwed girl  

Good morning from japan.    Please enjoy the weekend.    Have a wonderful day!     

Is your dick getting hard when you watch her? You can find her here:  

Y'RE ALL ANNOYING BITCH YOU'RE NOT MY CLASSMATES ANYMORE

brooooo im fucking done w this bitch   

I don't think they're exclusive to Christianity either. I've received just as much wisdom from my star sign.

Muslim Rapes Boy at Center, Says It's "Culturally Acceptable" in His Home Country 

not even mad that I'm not at the beach, but still pissed that I'm stuck in Gwinnett County

To sign this bill, AZ Gov. Ducey ignored:  medical evidence  medical professionals  abortion care advocates 

Have a simple 3 language solution in every state and get on with your life. There are far more important issues in hand

Orange seal is doing #marketresearch in the hydraulic and pneumatic service industry if you can help let us know for endless amounts of luck

Simple is hard to achieve .we're always overthinking. ..www.instagram.com/six5zero8  

kkunaljha faced issue with house number, house or building name, street name, landmark and PIN to assist you - Sagar(2/2)

Thanks Jack. I love Galway too..... Nothing quite like the rugged West Coast of Ireland 

Ben Casnocha and Erik Torenberg are raising a $50M investment fund  by ryanlawlervia TechCrunch

This nigga wanna shoot rocket launchers on Thursday nights I hate niggas.

Vote for me to perform at #South Carolina Edition 5/25/17!  #Coast2Coast 

Simson S50 S51 Moped, Custom, Enduro, Vogelserie, Tuning, DDR, 2 Rad, MZ, Simme, S70 #Simson  

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

#piggyboom I stole 1,481,000 from Sammie Doughty. This feels awesome!  

one day in your life you remember a place someone touching your face you come back and then look around you

Santuario de Guadalupe Santa Fe. The oldest extant shrine to Our Lady of Guadalupe in the USA.… 

Just woken up and being interview by some guy about health. ....... Proud to help the people of Britain

i feel energy and people who also feel this know it can literally drive you insane but i learned how to cope and control it :^)

ah lil bull daga got me fucked up periottttttt  ‍

You're more interested in the act of creation today than you a... More for Gemini 

Oh. Hell. No. I get the idea. But glitter don't play. I don't approve of this. 

MAP speaks to Al Jazeera about barriers to Gaza patient permits - MAP News - Medical Aid for Palestinians 

Prof: should i hit red button that says "ERlite" to turn off lite still on? Students: yes Pro: Hits button everything turns off but not lite

thats what i want. eating chicken in the pool w my lover. hell yeah 

The realisation that there will always be disappointments,despite your best efforts,makes it easier to get back up. 

A linguistic look at Anchorage and community - Green and Gold News  

Cause we all mind our businesses , stay to ourselves , get out money and you hoes still manage to try to play with us    ‍

Trump: "I did try and fuck her. She was married." ↑ (Goldilocks Principle) ↓ Pence: "I won't dine alone with women… 

like this entire false reality blindfolds us to what we really are and our power to not only see thru this but to c… 

So for the #TrumpTreason watch party they should install massive TVs on the DC Mall. Bet it'll be bigger than his inauguration! #TrumpRussia

Cops Forced to Apologize, Give Back Pot After Raiding Man’s Home Over His Medicine  

I need help in #bloodborne I'm so bad at playing this alone but no one's answering me when I fucking ring the bell  

TechCrunch: Boeing and ULA demo their Emergency Egress System for crewed space launches  

You're whistling while you work today, and it's almost as if y... More for Scorpio 

I was taking a pic then i saw in my peripheral vision someone is staring at me, he approached and asked me, "Can i… 

I took this photo during my vacation back home in the Philippines. My nieces were having a great time at a... 

Every time I see Gee at a presentation, he jokingly says he wants to take me on speaking tours with him. I laugh, b… 

Future said he "see hell everywhere" and I didn't care in the slightest about his well being      too fire

#WorldNews 24  | Human Right Watch says Israel blocking access to Gaza 

It is slushy and soppy out there! Here's a live look near Powers and Galley. #COwx 

Hatuna Rest yoyote na Kisw pia, we meet on Mon for REST303 .Kama bdoh hujasign kisw324 list kindly meet me today.

Neo-Nazi fears stabbing of black man may lead to ‘unfair’ backlash against white 

was hoping for sun and a beer garden but instead i got fucking rain and an illness

SQUARD squard ˢᑫᵁᴵᴰᵂᴬᴿᴰ ᵗᵒʳᵗᵉᶫᶫᶦᶰᶦ boys who ᶜʳʸ krabby pat i love squidy squog ᵗᵃᵇᵒᶰᵍᵃ ˢᑫᵘᵒᵍ ᶠᴼᵁᴿ ᴾᴸʸ ! ᴷᴿᴬᴷᴬᵀᴼᴬ id have

Heading to Sweden for the extension of the organisation Tehreek-e-Kasmir on Scandinavian level with the whole leadership

1 year, 12 months, 52 weeks, 365 days, 8760 hours, 525600 minutes, or 3153600 seconds. With the love of my life  … 

25% done with Dirk Gently's Holistic, by Douglas Adams: So far this is nothing like the ... 

Awkward moment when a woman doesn't know what a vag looks like. 

CHATBOTS EXPLAINED: Why businesses should be paying attention to the chatbot revolution (FB, AAPL, GOOG)… 

  Hear me out; The best thing about Feminism conceivably could have been due to their inability to form coherent sentences

What do you think? Full video on my YouTube channel I made this before 6 month… 

Thank you Norwich City Council for letting me off my parking fine ... I promise to be good in future  

ABC. CNN MSNBC cbs NBC the people who watch these news agencies are friggin racists idiots your democrat reps are friggin lost in la laland

So, so very tired of this gloomy gloaming twilight weather. When will the dawn of Spring awaken, at last, from her demi- monde slumber?

I dont mind helping out ka serious stuff, transport money even, but dont fucking ask me for drinking money..    that is just so pathetic!

Check it out! Our track "No Light" is in the latest trailer for #TheMummy. Composed by none other than Anthony Bald… 

If my shoulder. Does not stop hurting. I'm gonna fucking lose it.

When the day comes that you run out of content, you better start doing more personal development. Just saying.... 

Just because life throws you some sour lemons, doesn't mean that someday you won't have good lemonade.

THIS IS SO DAMN HORRIBLE AND DISGUSTING. HOW DARE YOU ALL WRITE SOMETHING LIKE THIS TO A GIRL. ANONYMITY SHOWS TRUE… 

We are open for business from 12-5pm and we mean THE BUSINESS!!! #Beer and #Food choices galore 

We have bigger issues like #cabinetreshuffle. We will go back to #TitoMboweniMusicVideo next week! 

and anit nobody calming any of y'all so why don't y'all find something else to do with your ugly selves

 | Hit and Run! Barnie singles up the middle and Gantt advances to third. KSU 3, OSU 0 #GoBucks 

Of fucking course when I can't go this happens 

Char Menu Lite Graphics and Design #Utilities | #Mac App...  #graphicsdesign

this guy will always be my baby brother - in this moment my heart is happy  … 

nak gerak wangsa walk tmr and see two idiots have a fist fight.

Going to munch on this for dinner, late dinner but a long productive day!!! Also…  

49 years ago Dr. Martin Luther King gave us marching orders to #buyblack! Why didn't we listen then? Why... 

The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. –Alice Walker #ALDUBxDTBYByFate

Respectability    politics    got    me    fucked    up

POLL: Most Scots think Holyrood, not Westminster, should have the right to decide whether to hold #ScotRef… 

Democrats close to gathering enough votes to filibuster Gorsuch - The Washington Post 

You guys, Cthulhu Rise, are Incredibly cool! Happy to meet you)  

Virgin America flight #VRD360 spotted 4 miles away traveling 190mph at 1,125 feet! 

Gotta love how Brexiteers are acting like UK has never benefitted from #EU. If true, they wouldn't be so whiny about a trade deal #brexit  

Totally being a D.VA Gremlin with my lunch consisting of regular Mountain Dew and Flamin' Hot Cheetos CON LIMON.

Better Than Brunch - Feat Cupcake and Stella Liberty HD Version  #FOOTFETISH #Clips4Sale

Such a waste so much Alpha Bro reported sense. zayn malik folded gud cofe quimby best surge flunks Pewdiepie GoT out rallies seeders cheeki

Every other day it's some fufu being sent and requests like would you go find something to do like seriously.

her: go eat. me: im not hungry. her: i swear to fucking god dont be that way

If you've been looking for a pick me up this morning here it is, everything you need 

We at #Liberties have found that poetry can be more successful than debut fiction: committed readership, keen to bu… 

Hate wasp and bee season, wasps keep flying into the train and I keep having to change carriage ffs  

I FEEL SO FUCKING CLAUSTROPHOBIC IMGONNA PADS OIT BUT TAEHUUNG IS SGO CIKING BEAUTOFIL

Texan Mom Gets Revenge on Her Former Boss – Wipes 30 Yrs. of Wrinkles and Dark Spots Away For FREE -… 

Student Now Entering Legal Battle With School After They Banned Him...For Spreading It On Campus 

#carrie fisher nude photos girls in g strings fucking 

Great shot of 627A November SSN. At 4k tons submerged only 400 tons heavier than AU Collins class SSK. Laid down an… 

can't wait to be that arctic bitch people like, vaguely remember from high school and think about, but can't find on social media

We can't fix our health care system. We have millions without health care. But we can play the world police. #SyriaStrikes

Watch lesbian movie:  Let me help you by fucking you 

OTTOMATIC NORTH SHORE CHALLENGE PADDLE RACE SERIES, SAT., APR. 1ST SHORT and LONG COURSE  ~SUP… 

Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel - The Washington Post 

The past 6 years have basically been this... Got to keep getting back up and carry on. #life #reflection… 

You're the happiest when you are free to flit from one activit... More for Gemini 

BADMILFS – Busty Milf Caught Fucking Daughters Boyfriend  

When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all. -- Roger Zelazny, "Doorways in the Sand"

It's time to get to work! #ImpeachTrump and now Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren join forces to make college free 

D'banj conquered wen dia wasn't social media, so now Diaz social media wat nau happen? Aiye le ibosi oo   

"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." — Mark Twain

There is a reason that England as a sporting nation is hated worldwide and that is because of their arrogance and that will never change

Want to win a year of free knife boxes? RETWEET this post for a chance to win! 

Folks, if you're around CBP or Bowman Field, check it out ... This is a great read for fans 

That's a Bad Motherfucker #Wrestlemania 

i think about riku's stupid play minecraft mine diamonds tweet EVERY FUCKING DAY

When folks say that I am wanted, loved, and I absolutely know that is true…it's such a profoundly amazing, fluttery feeling

unexpected message from someone, no i dont want to talk anymore youve hurt me again and again im not gonna allow you to do it again .

TIL that after WWII, the Soviet Union presented a wooden replica of the Great Seal of the United States to Ambassa…… 

LEGO Speed Champions 75912 Porsche 911 GT Finish Line Factory Sealed  

, I touched base with an acquaintance from KF, and I caused furors at the FuckingFurries Tumblr blog with bullshit anon asks. Stunning...(2)

We fucked that bitch up #LastNight #DaMBAMway # ️ ️G ️  #JosephineLounge Lastnight was lit… 

I really enjoy teaching my classes this year. #thanku #mystudentsareawesome #yearwentbytooquick 

Pretty sure I've smoked so much weed that my mood is permanently unbothered   

Found a Transponder Snail! Davyback Fight!! Straw Hats vs. Foxy Pirates!  #TreCru 

Brush my teeth every night before bed and every morning I floss and I even bring mouth wash around and floss to clean after I eat

I’ve always found that the speed of the boss is the speed of the team. Happy Boss Day YASNER ForASAPProd

UPDATE: Anne Arundel Co PD reports the work will be stopped shortly and all lanes REOPENED #mdtraffic 

Don't continue feeling bad and wondering why you are feeling that way! Life may be stressful, but getting great... 

If   you wore a condom     while fucking     her  , sorry bro   it don't count ‍ You fucked the condom   ‍, not her     .

NOT SEEING SHARE BUTTON ON ARTICLES? Facebook has been messing with many conservative groups posts this way... 

Girlfriend fucked while talking on phone 

Politics got you feelin like "Oh Syria? Ya, but that's Trump's fault"... Ok..? It is, or it isn't, aren't people dying, all the same?

Am I the only one who isn't obsessed with gfriend's lightstick? If you drop that shit it's game over, it'll break like a damn snowglobe

Junior Liddell shared a link to the group:  Global Hip-Hop Promo Group. Junior Liddell Ju… 

St Petersburg train station attack an 'act of terror'  #worldnews #news #breakingnews

Work sketch of a silly thing I'm gonna be working on. Bad Fruit 

>obv jew name >progress = pedophilia >responds to nazi tweets this nigga's just memein' right? 

Is this real? First weaken whistle blower protection act, raise RTI application fees, and now close RTI cases after… 

that's why I hate working on school days... be fucking up my schedule

I just want my fucking hair done   ‍ guess I gotta try to do it myself cause I know another mf aint gone do it  

#Leeds really has got some amazing views!!! Makes you really think and take it in when ur sat in a fence  

I FUCKIN   BAD GIRLS CAUSE THEY HAVE BALLS 

HOLD THE FUCKING PHONE IS THAT A PLUSH OF SASUKE 

this is so disrespectful. I'm so upset. alcohol addiction is not something you joke about, you fucking morons. 

Smh at girls who don't consider themselves feminists or deny misogyny in the world and what not.. like love yourself please

How the fuck can you treat you grandparents like this?? 100% disgusting 

Lefty Stars Raise $500K For ACLU In Ultra-Political Show  

I hate it when ppl start conversations with me that I don't give a flying fuck about. #fuckoff #talktosomeoneelse

#BagoesTeakFurniture Thirty Eighth Street | Turquoise French Provincial Dresser Tutorial. Learn How To Paint Furni…… 

The amount of slothy Ass people in Walmart is literally disgusting

everyone is being ugly in OW and I got a shitty loot box,,, it's time to start watching my show

Don't let your haters get you off course.. Find a quiet place and listen to #Gods still small voice.

Check out some beautiful pictures of Boulder and the cultural background behind it - including food and views! 

So let's get fucking after it bud 

The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from… 

THA MUFFUKKIN MOVE!! COME OUT AND SEE #thehouse  PERFORM LIVE!! SHII FINNA B    #werapbetter… 

I NEED TO FUCKING SMOKE BEFORE I SPAZZ TF OUT like looooooorrrrrt be with me rn    

If the right people don't join politics, then the wrong people will make the policies #NoSidonLook...… 

Really need the help of the public to let us know when they see something that doesn't feel right, please help us t… 

Cruel tit tortures and extreme bdsm of Emily Sharpe in hell 

↳ Hyungwon ◦ likes to touch your butt ◦ makes noises ◦ " i like messing with you " ◦ lazy sex 

Evening #BridgnorthHour! Want to stand out from the crowd and your competitors?  

#BestTeachersUG TEACHER MAKING A DIFFERENCE: Do you know of an exceptional teacher in a Ugandan school? Nominate t… 

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

happened again im retarded 

Quote To Ponder: "I'm not afraid of werewolves, vampires or haunted hotels, I'm afraid of what real people to do other real people"

"In a moment of considerable daring I sketched the dotted line to indicate the trend that the data seemed to be taking." -G.A. Miller, '56 !

Let's hope they rot in hell. Yeah, that's how the Trumpocalypse makes me feel   

When this all ends badly, as we know it will, Ivanka will publish a memoir alleging abuse at the hands of her father. #prediction

ISC Gunners G98B had their last game of the year on Saturday. G98B has 5 graduating seniors: Darah Chabal, Bobbi... 

VCU commit Mayan Kiir requests release from the program  

TRUMP IS A LYING HYPOCRITE! JUST LOOK AT THE TWEET HE SENT ABOUT SYRIA IN 2013!!! #ThingsMoreTrustedThanTrump 

What are stem cells? How can they be used for medical benefit? #Stemcells #iMS 

MEDITATION AND RITUALS IS A MUST IF YOUR A MELANATED BEING ON THIS PLANET>>(RITUALS) 

#Femail - Peru Two drugs mule spotted wearing nipple pasties, 'Peru Two' drug mule Micha...  

Nasty stockings lesbians go down 

transformers fucking #hoopz sex type 

"These 10 Astonishing Lost Treasures Are Real, But Nobody Can Seem To Find Them 

Uber drivers are the most simplest forms of humans x love when a taxi driver doesn't know where u are going xx

I don't think Ash would like the world to know what we think of him, his school policies, and facultyand staff lol 

If there was ever an embarrassing meme that i wanted to get rid of, I'd trademark it and aggressively market it. T… 

+Congrats!! Oritsefemi Moves Into A 400 Million Naira Mansion In Lekki (Photos) 

Scotland`s economic case for independence must be `politically bomb-proof` #cnbc 

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

Fanboy I know I know what u feel   an angel next to u I know     #BAPinAtlanta 

The hook? Thas it? I'll rap every bow wow verse with no stumbles and sing ciara's verse and hit every note     

Me: *wants to be spoiled* Also me: *wont accept anything bc I feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of money on me*

Ice age waterfalls caused the original 'Brexit,' scientists say  

To all the women we know out there, thanks for giving #TheAfricanDreamLLC an opportunity to work with and respect... 

Any guesses yet? Can you make the connection? Solve the mystery! #BeTheNew  

Got me all the way fucked up 

Trump lacks team and clear plan for quick tax reform  #topNews #TopNews 

What ya'll think of the boring coward heel shit he'd been doing with Jericho

Syaoran Li Nendoroid painted prototype revealed by Good Smile Company  

#Mark Johns #Chapstick / playlist #chillone #chill listen to CHILL ONE radio live : 

I can't stand muh fuckas who think they can just sleep thru or wait out a baby cryin get the fuck up handle your fuckin responsibilities!!!!

In Milaan? Rietveld stoel winnen? Take a seat, take a pic, share #iwantthischair 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. March 28, 2017 The Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers(R) (SMPTE(R)), the organiz 

I might eat my words one day but as of right now you couldn’t trick me to go back to school. BA was good enough for me lol

"7 From Ten Women Voted These Their Favorites S3X Positions That Drives Them Horny 

wtf!!!!!!!! Turkey is going down! Stop this madness!!!! Vote for your future! Akliniz gotunuze kacmasin!!!! Yeter! 

Venus Lux Fucked By Her Stud Student 

That nigga fucking you over — why do you say that ? 

Rehearsal for #VictoryDay military parade in #Russia. TASS/Alamy Live News  

it's always when i escape from my depression cycleandwant to socialise when everyone bails on meandi know no one want likes hanging out with me

Congrats to the girls demo-silver emblem and Tavish-bronze emblem for their awesome presentations! 

Fuck I want seafood. Like bad. Maine lobster and crab legs ugh.

Mornin' Y'all! Didn't get the best of kips but it's ok as it's Friday! Just have to smash through the working day to look forward to a jar  

It'd be great if I could get rid of this cold   then maybe I could breathe, sleep and actually go to work  

  17blk: The above times are based on the beginning of each show and as such it is important to keep in... 

I know it's not Norman but royalty nails in moore. They do a really good job! 

SHE'S HOLDING THE FUCKING POCKET WATCH 

Firefighters are more likely to suffer a heart attack  

did you see that? Can you believe the twins invented being a 'fucking daddy' holy shhh I'm trembling 

Hate when people call me and say "hi is this Alex Thompson" bitch no, since you illiterate bye.

i just got a flashback to after the wwa tour when my dad was parked by the shedd waiting to pick us up wtf

Now everyone it's time to say Salud! Bottoms up! If you are in town come and enjoy awesome drinks at #LaLibreria.… 

dont forget: the tomb of oedon where you fight father gascoigne is fucking bullshit

Allah (swt) says, And surely, We shall try you till We test those who strive hard (for the Cause of Allah) and... 

Nikki Haley Denounces Assad, Russia, and Iran at U.N. After Defending U.S. Airstrikes 

So yesterday I bought a pizza (haven't eaten in forever) long story short I ate 6 slices   one mini for my mom and a normal for my brother  

me: can't wait to join law enforcement also me: 5 feet no muscle me: can't wait to join law enforcement

Kim Kardashian: FAKING Pregnancy Drama For Ratings?!  via #enews24ghanta 

For every dirty dog there lies a thirsty bitch ... here's a glass of water for ya thirsty assssss

just because they think they're "og" even though that album is the one that made them popular. Like stfu and enjoy the music

Duterte supporters slam Robredo for 'wild accusations' on war vs drugs -  

Linda was unaware at time she was kept like a cucubine bcz she felt herself higher in thought word and deed but true Linda died at TREASON

Remember, it's very important that you demonize people with mental illness while also shaming them for receiving treatment.

Busy weekend, editing story time, filming new trek vid. Filming several movie reviews hopefully Star Wars vid too. 4 days off :)

Pew 2014: 16% of Americans distrust Al Jazeera as a news source. 9% trust. 75% never heard of or have no opinion. 

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

Six killed in US missile attack on Shayrat airfield, Syrian army says  BBCBreakingvia PumpPumpkint

In S. Korea, Ex-vagrants Want Land Promised for Forced Labor  

 Best full rss feed converter  #WriteArticle | SEO Tips | 6 must-do before hosting your…

I fucking wore heels to go to Walemania. I hate myself. #JanelasSpringBreak

When you've been waiting on your taxes to get a new ring, finally get them back and the ring is out of stock  

JM has given the players freedom to express themselves, but these lot aint Zidane, Ronaldinho, Riquelme etc, they need a coaching to perform

jamespt99 showing extreme jubilation from learning about how bad special testing is for VBI and…... 

You want to dig in your heels today and resist change, especia... More for Libra 

African POP STAR Dr. Malinga will be handing out shoes to poor schoolchildren (photos)  

#NowPlaying on #STRAYDIO Speak to Me by Dan Masquelier listen at  #unsignedmusic

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

Thank you for the publish in brochures! #segiedu #shyshy #didnotexpectdat    

#Cowdeneath * | Watch as SPFL Trust takes Premiership and Betfred Cup trophies on the...  

Just ordered to get this lil bean printed on some minky fabric, gonna maybe make it into a plush keychain? 

my friend started watching tvd and we were talking about today and she said "stefan and elena finally fucked i was screaming"    

Chevy's R07 engine block celebrates it's 10th anniversary in #NASCAR races this weekend in Texas!… 

I won at Moscow stage with 189 points! Challenge me now![ #Bowling_King 

They don't like to hear about themselves so they stop fucking with me

Such an important day! Let's show the world just how beautiful the LGBTQ+ community (especially the Trans community) is      #TDOV

Isn't it cool - to take a ride from the East coast to the West? Just you and a road, and a bike  #Bike4Life #MotoGP 

Oh incase yall wanna see sneak peaks of #727TourKualaLumpur , it's on my instagram story and snapchat :: faridatulnajua  

Life is too short to waste time with people who don't make you happy. Surround yourself with good people, and good things will happen.

Cash-strapped Greek museums will get a boost from hosting Documenta's work, but criticisms remain 

#ALDUBKSApril9and12 Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.

I sent u a tweet Dont know if u got it my WiFi went down for a sec.I just wanted to say Its amazing what can happen… 

Tell Tory Lanez ill see you in Manhattan June Suit and tie up w/ Upstates The song aint hit 500k yet we aint even hit 200 yet

Creative possibilities are blossoming all around you today. Bu... More for Virgo 

and clearly it's time for this to be deleted again since it's monitored so much and everything I say is such a problem.  ‍ 

i hate ole dusty ass mississippi but jus for these moments i gotta be there

New DHS Report Reveals the Types of Illegal Immigrants Sanctuary Cities Are Letting Go (They're Not Nonviolent) 

It amazes me how SAF unlocked defences in his last season with those stone washed denims he managed.

Mankey - 96% (Karate Chop/Brick Break) till 03:41:52pm (28m 15s). Found at 561 Rington Crescent (Highland) 

#fucking a moari girl bike girl ass 

Start your engines. #F8 hits theaters in three weeks.  

Then some emotions are just for moments,once they are gone,u can't,u realize how time make u pathetic to fall in love with memory...

+'I almost committed suicide'- Julius Agwu opens up on his terrifying brain tumour experience (VIDEO) 

Officially Licensed ASTON VILLA FC Merchandise. Worldwide same day Shipping  RT's Appreci… 

"It Looks Like A Floating House, Then A Closer Look Reveals It’s An Amazing Photograph 

My college coach posted on mapmyrun that he just ran 3 miles and I'm sitting on the coach eating hot cheetos   

The little car we rented to explore Oita Japan has an engine about the same size as my motorcycle back home!   #Japan

Thats it not gonna make a big deal about not having a lover if I do great if I dont fine I get it nopony is perfect

   Recent rain results has our Triple A girls looking very content     ‍  #ourhappyplace 

Lol ummm... I feel it can "mmm-jah-jah-mmm-jah-jah-yaaay" but I might be speaking on the wrong rifle ... 

Trump donates 3 months' salary to Interior Dept., offsetting 0.005% of proposed budget cut 

"wants to fix everything for everyone" but obviously that's impossible. Her failure to protect everyone is slowly breaking her because

Without the star ratings, how am I supposed to tell the difference between a movie I might like and a movie Netflix is trying to push?

I already had to use my horn on 3 idiot drivers ON MY FUCKIN BIRTHDAY.. can you not be stupid for a day? One day    

when people discuss death note with me they try to discuss how much they love L and I'm like oh gosh no im fucking with Light hunni

Rocky river officially a major threat - Courier Mail -  

Welcome to Chloé – introducing Natacha Ramsay-Levi, our new creative director #chloeGIRLS Filed under: Chloe, Holl…… 

It could be something that's time sensitive and my mom still gonna hit me with the "you should pray on it"

Bulls have two shot clock violations already, which equals total of all Cavs opponents since November. I'm joking. I think.

Trying some Jumping Animation for our New Game Iron Army, #gamedev #indiedev #madewithunity 

i never once spoke to them or followed them or whatever but i guess book stans are sensitive :( 

Reuters: Baghdad says U.S. pledges continued support for Iraq's war against IS: BAGHDAD… 

Its time to fuck nasty cunts! Check it out!  

Never let a nigga take advantage of the fact you love him to where he think you supposed to let everything he do slide<EMOJI>️

 Just who in the hell made this jerkoff President Trump's boss? Mr. President pay him no mind !!!

I'm at that point in my weight cut where the waist of all of my pants are loose..... kinda cool, kinda annoying.   #mission132

Ivanka Trump Designs the Perfect Purse For Women Who Always Need to Charge #IvankaTrump #IvankaTrump 

Buck-Tick's company fucked up. Banker my ass. RT "Y42.51 mil in cash found in garbage at Gunma dumpsite" 

setting my alarm earlier than necessary tomorrow bc i know i'll need extra time to cry in bed bc of harry's single uk

Lol naaah I just think about the thing. It really dey shock   . Herh Ibi serious . I see you keep. Wayersay? 

#Naples Apr 01 17:20 Temperature 19C fair Wind S 11 km/h Humidity 55% Italy .. 

shemales fucking males bareback 

2 DAYS LEFT ON SATURDAY APRIL 1ST AVIATOR EVENTS CENTER 3159 FLATBUSH AVE #sneakergames COMING… 

You might end up in a heated exchange with someone close to yo... More for Scorpio 

If you want to learn about the future of robotic programming and be a part of it too, apply here!… 

Leicester Writes Short Prize 2017: Judging panel share their words of wisdom 

#Facebook loses challenge to bulk search warrants - CNET  #TECH 

Listen to me sing "I Just Die In Your Arms Tonight Acoustic" on #Smule:  #SingKaraoke

I just liked “Sophie's Choice and Ivanka's Asset - ITSM weekly the podcast EPISODE 91” on #Vimeo: 

Okay so me and Grant have something in common. We both can't tell when a phone is recording lmao!    

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

Creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p... More for Pisces 

HE HAS NO STYLE HE HAS NO GRACE THIS KONG HAS A FUNNY FACE HE CAN HANDSTAND, WHEN HE NEEDS TO AND INFLATE HIMSELF JUST LIKE A BALLOON

Week one of this weight loss competition. Had a slow start but managed to drop 5lbs in one week. Need to drop another 7 over next 2 weeks.

You know you work at a shoe store when you get excited about new tennis shoes that come in for you   

This Saturday From 2-8pm #LittyFoolsDayParty  Free Henny Shots   Ladies in Bikini Tops Free til 3  x86

I'm sorry, but I really do not like ptx's cover of bohemian rhapsody. It's my least favorite song they're ever done. #PTXVOL4

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

Worlds fastest processor is now available from Oracle and Fujitsu. Cut your core counts in half and save $$$$$.… 

Not the first time that staunchest advocates of #conservative values seem to have dirtiest laundry in own closet 

Got a look at the destruction being wrought by Peabody's El Segundo #coal mine in #NewMexico, what a mess,… 

Forget about #Obama and watch this new #thriller movie:  

High street fashion designer Karen Millen declared bankrupt over £6m tax bill 

#EPMinute - after 6 years we have had plenty of conversations on the streets. We thought we would share some of... 

I hate when retards on the train take up two seats cause they think it's there living room couch

Kiefer Sutherland Compares ‘Designated Survivor’ Role To Jack Bauer | PEN | Entertainment Weekly… 

Just u live in #NORTHINDIA not makes u ppl #elite NORTH is just a direction and location in ur note it u #garbagepoliticians

So stop looking for the magic formula that will make Trump voters stop voting "against their self-interest". They're voting for it.

On page 220 of 1050 of The Dark Tower, by Stephen King: After an extended break its time... 

LIVE MATCH: Susunan Pemain Manchester United Vs Everton  #9 

Nothing for Creighton in the bottom of the sixth. 2-1 Bluejays heading into the top of the seventh. #SJUBase

Me at school! Fuck You Math Class!! 

Blind faith. A story which continues to inspire us. Thanks for a wonderful article BloodHorse !! #BlindHorse 

I've barely been drinking lately. (Who am I, right) one glass of wine with dinner after work, and honestly, I'm toasted af hahaa

There's a Campaign to Get Chance the Rapper to Run for Mayor  

So this just happened! I may have totally fangirled but it was a total pleasure to meet… 

My fitbit #Fitstats_en_GB for 4/01/2017: 6,734 steps and 3.2 miles traveled. 

I am laid back and have zero work ethic outside my job, but I do try to take my job and quality of work seriously when it is time to.

Someone I used to work with just got arrested for being FOUR TIMES the legal limit while at work at a PRESCHOOL. what is happening???

Happy Birthday #MikeNess (back left) | born April 3, 1962 | is an American guitarist, vocalist + songwriter for… 

abdouannaba Live now at chaturbate  #cams #chaturbate 

Hiring Radiologists looking for flexible day,... $300k (MA Job) #radiology 

i got fungus growing in my stomach cause I'm chugging wishes from the wishing well watch me swell from ingesting infectious hopes and dreams

 This Baguette Bag Is Exactly What It Sounds Like #AlisKitchen 

Alcohol related car accidents declined after Uber opened up in New York  

Lascivious babe gets fucked and creampied 

So grateful for this community. Students, parents and educators shared passionate and powerful testimony opposing... 

The dedication some of y'all have. I truly feel second hand embarrassment. Wish y'all weren't ugly as hell 

AARMY5 Hi there. Is there anything I can help with regarding to Telkomsel products and services? Thanks -Pedro

William Wood shares the Fourth Gateway to the Subconscious Mind. Find out what it is here:  

would do some fucked up things to have in n out delivered to me rn

Doesn't look like the move to RF has helped McCutchen's defense. Bobbles a ball that bounces off the wall, allowing Bradley to get to 3B

Tell me how bad do you want me cause I don't know if I should stay or if I should leave, cause I'm torn   ‍ 

PRAYERS FOR Emily in court 7th4legal help w/harassing ex affecting childrenDorothy andfam as she hasgone on2eternityHow can we pray4you?

I would love to say "No, not all 6 of them!!" but I know there were enough of them to vote for Trump and make him w… 

Check out this weird image I just Pinned to my [SURREAL PHOTOGRAPHY] Joanne Clement (Enchanted-Brides-457737770997… 

i always feel like the grandma who constantly asks the young kids in the fandoms to explain what's going on and what they're talking about

Teachers: we will keep our opinions to ourselves University Lecturers: Donald Trump is a piece of shit I hate him. What a fucking moron.

How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days would make my list of all-time funny romantic comedies, where…  

People so fucking entitled. and I don't care. Like at all.

Harrison Ford won’t face any penalties over runway incident  

I need to fucking smoke and bae not tryna even help g like tf type of relationship

Find your spirit, and no challenge will keep you from achieving your goals. - Christopher Penn #quote

I must have a ugly nigga magnet attached to me somewhere

So my mom and sister just gave me a life lecture about how people are going to hate me because my leg shakes sometimes like what the fuck

gabriel: please. cut your hair. please jesse jesse: id rather die gabriel: (cuts it while jesse's sleeping)

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

Diplo Ft Lazerdisk Party Sex-Set It Off(The Fat Rat Remix) #diploftlazerdiskpartysex #fb #movedanceradio Listen: 

#prettyeyestwitter You can't see my eye color that much in selfies but I promise you they're green 

me re-evaluating life if mx doesn't get a first win this era #monstax #아름다워 #몬스타엑스 

I did not understand wtf was going on when I was watching Rick and Marty last night. that show is weirddd.

Cesaro and Sheamus looking like they're either going for The Fully Monty or to win the Eurovision Song Contest. #WrestleMania

Found a Transponder Snail! Extra! Extra! Devil of Ohara captured by CP9!  #TreCru 

If you missed it yesterday - WHO MURDERED MUCHMUSIC and what you can do to bring that magic back, updated and current. 

Jacki Dezelski's column today on supporting and recognizing leaders throughout our community is spot on. We... 

Don't let the weather get you down! Brighten your day and stop by Fuzziwig's for Fort Lewis Fridays! (With... 

Hand over my chat history, develop a profile and let the chatbot do its work and I read the chat later in the day to catch up.

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

I am the sun, i am the light, the vastness of the sky i am, all this love n beauty i am, When i spread my wings,... 

Sipping some positivi-tea this morning as we inch closer to MATCH DAY!! Stay positive and find… 

Trump faces andapos;open warfareandapos; with Breitbart if Bannon is fired, says former… 

Being an EXO-L is one of the best decisions I've ever made in my entire life. I'M PROUD TO BE AN EXO-L. #에소5래도록 #5YearswithEXO

Swansea 1-3 Tottenham: Amazing Spurs comeback reduces Ian Wright to 'tears': Arsenal legend Ian Wright admits he is… 

Bitches really be mad when you get attention from a guy she likes and it's even funnier when your not even trying to get his attention   ‍

BRAND NEW Dancing Stage Mario Mix Nintendo Gamecube  #ebay #gamer #gaming #games

#katdior #sexybrunette charleroi #under nasty #unexpected #please blowjobs 

)10 Facts About Philip Emeagwali, Nigerian Scientist On The List Of Top 10 Most Intelligent People In The World 

Your clear vision of success motivates you to reach higher to ... More for Capricorn 

It hurts like hell when you know that you need to let go of someone but you can't, because you're still waiting for the impossible to happen

why do you only talk about boys and never girls, it... — I am pansexual, I can say whatever I want thanks, e... 

now if that aint some evil b ass u know i dk what is

There were Russians on the base. There were Russians on the fucking base. There were fucking Russians on the fuckin… 

   Congratulations Marion    please send us a private message and we'll let you know what to do next xx 

A Southern Heath Monitor using his camouflage to stay out of the spotlight from our guests on… 

Take a fucking walk you ginger freak. You haven't played a single inning of big league ball and you think you earne… 

Comedian Tina Fey blasts the college-educated white women who voted for President Donald...  

I know Idont say it much, but going to Milton Hershey School, will hands down be the most important part of my life.

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

funny story: when I was at the opticians I thought she asked me how often do I have sex rather than how often do I change my specs. #fail

Take a walk with me And we'll go dancing in the rain And baby we'll run under a tree Ill look at you You'll look at me

Aw zippers. I forgot about April Fools' Day. I wanted to do one. Welp. Guess I have plenty of time to come up with one for next year.

Wind 3,6 km/h NNW. Barometer 1014,7 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 9,7 °C. Rain today 0,6mm. Humidity 64%

Chemistry is great, but eventually your relationship moves out of the laboratory. - Tim Fargo #quote

Y'all see my Frat brother doing the intro to the best match of the evening? #GOMAB #Wrestlemania jihaD 

Current letters: u¹ e¹ e¹ n¹ i¹ n¹ e¹ ||| Last word: inlets ||| Round: 12/14 ||| Highest score end of round 14 wins game.

Flint in 4x04, after Billy tried to split them: The closer we get to the end of this journey, the more the contradictions will accumulate. >

this is embarrassing but might duy from naruto also looks like my dad n my brother made me watch him die and i started having a break down L

#TC Stripe’s Patrick Collison says no to an IPO any time soon  

If a nigga texting you and you know he in a relationship, you're just as bad of a person as he is   

You are all fucking idiot worst company going treat people who play your game like shit never update us what is goi… 

#sex bookmark fucking the indian girl 

64th National Film Awards Akshay Kumar won best actor for RUSTOM  

Iota Omega hosts book talk for the community, Black Pain! It does matter! #AKA1908 #LNDS 

When two of your favorite artists collaborate, and the song is so lit that it's on repeat for the rest of the day. 

Jack asked me to delete the picture I posted of me and him, ouch?!           I take the sweet caption BACK dick head

12 drinks that every Singaporean has to order at the kopitiam  

Meanwhile at Alice Springs Kate Brooks leads all the way to win the 1st on 2yo filly Iron Lotus Congrats Lisa Lefoe and connections #LTFBred

early 00's gays enjoying some wine after a long day of putting up w straight ppl 

How in the hell do the refs blow a whistle on a rolled ankle!? #NationalChampionship #terrible

Death isnt the only way to lose your life as a #HumanTrafficking victim.  #Statistics #ArkofHope for Children

I had just about every fucking appliance needed. These $100+ fucking custom curtains this lady name for me.

#Dogging,#OutdoorSex,#CarSex,#Uk_Sex #Sluts,#GangBang,: Horny Indian Enchantress Gets Fucked In Missionary... 

AH SHITE! Aguero ALWAYS fucking scores against us...

I've just watched episode S01E12 of 13 Reasons Why  

My and Josh's son Carson riding his dirt bike that he got as a present from his uncle on his 5th… 

If there is a point where you're so sleep-deprived that it's dangerous to be out in the workforce, I am there. It is me.

Looking through the camera roll, reminiscing on all of the good memories, and thinking about all of the new ones that will be made.

If Vanessa eat my fucking chocolate it's on 

It's hard to sit still and do nothing today, making it extreme... More for Gemini 

Fox News Points to "High Up" Intelligence official for unmasking scandal [VIDEO] 

  peppapigvevo: fucking dinosaurs got this 

At 10:05 AM, 3 SE North Sandwich [Carroll Co, NH] TRAINED SPOTTER reports SNOW of 1.70 INCH #GYX 

Denny McLain Signed Detroit Tigers 8x10 Photo Time Inscr. "31-6, 1968" SI by Sports Integrity 

Some absolutely fucking idiots on here tonight!!!

See all the best tries from Monday night Mens and Womens tag rugby in UCD at  

ncwolf1313 : #YR malyoung CBSDaytime. Dear old daddy was def involved in it Nick. He spear headed it!! (via Twit… 

Going OFFICIAL! Tonto Dikeh's Husband, Olakunle Churchill Flirts Openly With Rosaline Meurer On IG - Gistmania 

Metro Forecasting’s data use enables planners to see future  

#BucksNation #FearTheDeer #OwnTheFuture Bucks vs. Thunder Final Score: Milwaukee Whacked, Walloped and Waxed b.. 

David Moyes: FA to ask Sunderland boss to explain himself over 'slap' remark 

Dortmund getting Dahoud. What a fucking team that will be.

hagar and karel, haven't doodled this big shy lion girl in a while. her skin is entirely transparent and muscles ar… 

Stuff happened, man - on Mar 30 - stuff like: “Strategies to Help Struggling Writers” 

What do you guys think of this joke should I put it in my Melbourne Comedy Festival show? What are your thoughts? 

You have never talk to me about this, who are this fucking people? 

found this driving license on the floor in Birmingham yesterday. Anybody able to translate and find him? RT's appre… 

Where's the fucking blow dude    

These are the same people who give no fucks for the ~consequences~ of their "messing up" and will take no responsibility over that. Fuck 'em

This is from our Overwatch Schoolgirl shoot with angel_ktf and natsukis.cosplay. #blizzard… 

I would like to take a moment to thank God for blessing us with these pictures 

Susan Ma, watch her inspirational story here - speaking last night to the Press during the launch of our new SS17... 

Free 14-Day Trial:  #SMM Sit back and watch your #Twitter followers, retweets, and profits expl… 

also annoyed but it made me happy tho that my classmates as a congratulations put glitter on my face

The stupid see your visitors link keeps posting on my fuckin twitter!!!  

This season is going to be fucking insane and I can't wait! #DoctorWho 

Want to know how your own salespeople compare to the entire sales population and sales organizations in your... 

#grandnational don't forget to back Dusty Carpet in the big one. It's never been beaten at Aintree....   

A group of girls just said Harry should play Hardin in the after movie and I almost threw out my lungs yikes

Thank the fucking Lord my fucking accommodations just got approved let's hope I can schedule my test for tomorrow

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

Hell yeah man. Well have another one soon so ill def keep you in mind ! 

One thing about "shock polls" is that, by and large, they're shocking for a reason ... normally because they're not true #bbctw

News: Enpass - no subscription  I have contacted Enpass and asked if they consider a subscription model too..

- AND TRAPPING YOU WITH ADDICTIVE MEDIA, TVs, NEWS, STORIES, MOVIES, # of FOLLOWERS, LURE OF NEW LIVES, ETC --

You want to dig in your heels today and resist change, especia... More for Libra 

This is quite literally the tweet that has aged the best of all tweets ever. 

The early elephant extended and excused while the landless lobster liked and loaded. #earlyelephant #landlesslobster

Declutter your digital life: Unsubscribe from emails you never read and delete or archive as soon as you read! #declutter #digitallife

Diego Costa believes the match against Manchester City is a six-point affair and a win for Chelsea will rule City... 

Architectural Designs Exclusive House Plan 85132MS gives you an open floor plan, split bedroom layou 

Ride for yourself. Have your own back. Because at the end of the day , when they put them flowers on you, it's only you in that grave. Frfr!

Top story: Stand With Reality | Climate Reality  see more 

Appalachian Regional Healthcare Takes Progressive Move To MEDITECH's Web EHR  #EHR… 

Today is April 2nd. Don't bring your March problems into April. Have a mindset to do new things. Start your best... 

Meme Reveals Why Socialist ‘Equality’ Means Misery for Everyone  

Vichit2017Vichit2017want to feel old? elvis presley would be 63 today! danieltosh ....thanks Vichit2017 ....thanks Vichit2017 Vichit2017 ..…

What a great start to our recruiting team's day! 4 wonderful #pharmacy folks are set to start in new FT, permanent #careers #grateful   

David Harvey likens the circulation of capital to the water cycle at the #AAG2017 

Set Life  ready for lipsyncbattles!! #hairbyhobgood #stephaniehobgoodhair #mensgrooming… 

Disabled vehicle on I-76 eastbound between Mile Post: 336.0 and Exit 338 - Green Lane/Belmont Ave. There is a lane restriction.

Most people simply want to be loved. Always remember this. This want is even in the most egotistical people.

Carlos Correa had gyalchester as his walkup music and it was so bad ass  

Hope the disco rescinds Juninho's suspension and suspends Bernardello one game. 

1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. Thank you 

Porn actresses are the happiest women in the world. -  

No 2 QBs are alike though. So many ways to win with them. In the end you have to make a certain level of plays from the pocket efficiently

We are still expecting them, this country numerous unimportant activities can't make us forget… 

Here's some handy #advice on what paperwork may be needed from your #conveyancer during the #house #buying process.. 

Jamie has an alarm set for 8am every morning and every morning he just turns it off and goes back to sleep

When ya boi takes the fucking L 

I hate females bitches always in they feelings and mad about something bitch move 

Interesting stuff. Seems a stretch that Tony would take issue w/ Kevin being FRIENDS w/ his ex, as Mrs. Ward claim… 

Continuing the pain killing at home with a fresh bottle of this Czech delight 

8 Year Old Girl Draws Pictures of Her Life with Blind Cat Until Her Parents Let Her Adopt Her.....… 

the WORST thing you females can do is have a baby by a ain't shit ass nigga to make somebody mad               

Are you fucking kidding me    

MC student, Taylor, introducing herself at our tutor training workshop today: 

We're heading your way shortly this morning Putnam Co! Join us at Winfield Church of the Nazarene :) 

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 337 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

Wendy a hoe for getting rid of spicy chicken nuggets

#NTFA2017 - Air Namibia contributed to the 2017 Namibian Theatre and Film Awards. Thank You! 

Alien-obsessed student disappears, leaving behind room full of strange writings (VIDEO) 

lol...what i thought... .... but it does not work; only in a few departments,so i am sure they are ...lol 

THE PAYMENTS INDUSTRY EXPLAINED: The Trends Creating New Winners And Losers In The Card-Processing Ecosystem… 

Egyptian President Sisi Thanks Trump for Alliance Against ‘Satanic Ideology’ of Terrorism - Breitbart 

The entire ad was a mess, from the appropriating the movement to sell soda, to the vagueand generic signs the protesters carried #PepsiAdvert

Bad Back or Stiff Neck? We have a CURE! Have a nice BACK day!  

christina carter gets machine fucked and tortured 

Fantastic to see such good teamwork and Spirit of Cricket being displayed - just some skills #AllStarsCricket teaches… 

We are still kids, but we're so in love. Fighting against all odds, I know we'll be alright this time    

Great game from the Zags, they gave it their all. Unfortunately when you play teams like UNC you get to play against the refs too

It's WAY worse than I fucking expected!   

Today was a disappointing, but, more importantly, a very exciting and enjoyable experience. We… 

Eccentric Man Spends 12 Years Digging A Hole… And Now His Family Lives In It 

You got me fucked up y'all did not just season that steak with just salt and pepper. 

I am a fuckin chicken nugget 

This flight hasn't even begun and the guy next to me already has his shoes off and nasty ass feet exposed. Flying is awful.

Maaaaaannnnn if this ain't the gospel !!! Same for dudes.. Ima send my homeboys to pick up two… 

Minneapolis, MN - Mayo Clinic - Registered Nurse Non-Vascular Radiology - Located in Rochester MN -...  #HEALTH #JOB

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

Came home to this surprise!  #anniversarygift #blessed #heartfelt #love  

Tornado kills 2 in Louisiana as state put on 'high alert' - Chicago Tribune  

telling your mates what girls have told you in confidence because they trust you makes you a shitty guy sorry about it

Cristiano Ronaldo Urges Neymar To Reject Manchester United  

Creative possibilities are blossoming all around you today. Bu... More for Virgo 

Need more Musical.ly Fans? Glad to announce that our new tool is UP AND RUNNING! Get FREE Fans here -->  #musically

Can't believe they lost Jihoon. Bloody hell Cheol...hold the boys hands ffs! 

21 million in desperate need of aid, blockade has made the already disastrous effects #EndYemenSiege 

I can't believe how mad I got when I got that unexpected news   like we all fucking called this bruh

17 Stars Still Waiting to Be Parents: When are They Due?  via #enews24ghanta 

Fucking a slutty housewife and giving her cum 

Precise measurement and fractions beyond the whole are much easier to understand with pizza! 

My gf don't love me y'all   she a whole barber and won't even cut my hair! I was gonna pay her n everything  

How much you care about dick size — why do you people keep asking me about dick size   

just saw the full video where moyes says "careful next time you come in", for fuck's sake. what a fucking awful, weird dickhead.

Not long until Easter! Let me know if you need Easter cupcakes or a celebration cake      

Goodnight to everyone except the jack ass ticket scalpers that blasted the Tour De Columbus show ticket prices on StubHub.

I Hate A Mice Head Nigga That Want A Bitch All To They Self But Be Micen Like A Mf  

Staff Member P/T Blackpool Cherry Tree … job at McDonald's - Blackpool  #Indeed #jobs

US GDP revised to 2.1%: The final of US GDP was expected to show an annualized growth rate… 

MAC Foiled Rose, Disobedient, Hades Fire Lipsticks  Foiled Rose MAC Foiled Rose Lipstick ($17.00 for 0.10 oz.) i…

I think I'm like kinda fucked up in the head when it comes to some things...

You'll Want To Buy Jennifer Lopez's $25 Earrings, ASAP  

Advice if diagnosed with CFS. Checklist: pacing, diet… #cfsme  

CATCH ME IN THE FUCKING ICU 

Their behavior is lately is really getting annoying. I hate spring time. They got 2 months left smh they need to chill

spielberg is the fucking man 

#drawntodeath bronco is almost inmortal with the fucking drone

“He has grown up.” The Healer mutters before touching Sehun's injuries. Like magic, the injuries disappear and Sehun's eyes flutter open.

n charge of a lifetime, to play over the problems which beset us on the brink, we could give no air support to our Ally

Female Tamarin monkeys mate w/ 3- 4 males so when she has the baby the men don't know who the dad is and ALL help. Slutty, but clever AF!

To my beautiful Nahla. I've loved as much as I have loved any human. You were there for me… 

Looking forward to the looming fight within the left between those of us that do and don't trust the process 

Dufner playing good at Houston open. Always my outside bet on the majors. 175/1 for the #masters2017 on sky bet

Russia may raise the question about Alaska. Vladimir Putin said American activities in Alaska could destabilize... 

#Indiana #whore whores #milfhookup #stocking fucking #skypeshow #myfreecams curve #kiksexting #cougar 

The couple collected close to $200 million in income  

Feral colonies recycled in St. Boi de Llob. (Barcelona,Spain)  

The Lord of the Rings movies are great adaptations because they give life onscreen to what is sterile on-page.

#bath #shrimp join #sexchatrooms #dating fucked #cam2cam baby -->  

It was so effortless    ‍ I was in for a rude awakening when I came to college 

Surge In VPN Use After House Of Reps Passes New Bill Repealing Internet Privacy: The ISBuzz Post: This…  #infosec

dozens of people followed me and 28 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Idiot want it imma get it...Girl what's yo budget?

38" Chinese Bronze Skanda Veda Weituo Door general Warrior knight God Statue A  

Family gathering with Arfa and Brian   (with Rini and Aditya at Römer) [pic] — 

These bad ass kids be needing they ass whooped. It build character and respect 

#BestMusicInstrument Smartxchoices 30″ Inch Children Electrical Guitar With 5W Amp Cable… 

You've heard his name a lot recently in regards to #DoddFrank. Now hear from (Barney) Frank himself on 4/5:… 

#travel_andamp;_leisure MPP surprised at the response to his on-line petition to lower hydro rates 

AHHHH! Just submitted to #revpit Super pumped but nervous too. What an exciting time! 

Broda, it's better we take our minds off the liga. Except we win all remaining liga games and Celta win their outst… 

This nigga even deleted his rant too he was trying to make folks feel bad for tweeting these stuff now he wanna hav… 

Not all, some do know what they are talking about when they indulge in debates based on both or either 1 of those m… 

A D3.js plugin that produces flame graphs from hierarchical data.  

Friends change. Attitude changes. People change, relationships change I'm so grateful the one thing that does not change is God's grace.

I went from taking six classes, doing an internship and working part time to filling the gaps with garfield shitposts

Nem acredito q vou no show da Lady Fucking Gaga 

people who take advantage of generosity are the worst never again will I offer up my cheetohs you greedy bastards

Gotta finish this fucking project.. every day that goes by with work and college, is another day that is fucking this up zzz rip time

Data Monetization: #Water and #Wastewater Utilities in the Information Age -  #BigData #Analytics

Some men are so disgusting. Stalking is a crime.What joy do you get in making a girl uncomfortable?   

if you are looking for real soundcloud follwers Dm me and lets start your promotion for a very small fee 

And with the help of 9.33 hits per game, OSU is averaging 8 runs a game on its way to outscoring teams 120-53!… 

I fucking missed my homegirl Marj   

Bharat Stage-III vehicle ban brings in huge discounts on two-wheelers - India Today 

Favstar_Bot: ticainuk  Your tweet has been liked by 5 people.  

Busty brunette slut goes crazy video 

Want to hang with me and an awesome friend? Come to  and hangout. Don't forget to follow!!!!! #supportsmallstreamers

THE FORCE AWAKENS: A Bad Lip Reading (Featuring Mark Hamill as Han Solo) 

It all has to come out, with GOP guiding investigation, no protection for HRC, BHO, LYNCH, YATES. Any of them. 

YouTube adds Periscope-style live video streaming to.... #smartphone #app #technologyfact  

Ukraine: NBU reserves rose to $16.7bn as of April 5 after a $1.0bn IMF tranche and a EUR 0.6bn budget support loan from the EU. (NBU) Sound.

It makes you feel AWAKE and clean as heck. And, I thought it was such a stupid product before I used it. +

Three people I adore - with things they've done or said that I'll openly criticise. Doesn't make me less of a fan, just aware of it all.

[Save The Date] •4.8.17• The Creators of "THANK GOD ITS HOMECOMING" #TGIH Presents #LEGENDARY… 

Idk why everyone is hating you're one of the best a... — thank u i appreciate u 

I love you i love you i love you i want to protect you from all the hate in the world my sweet and angry kittens i… 

you can win via killing your opponent in this match. this is gonna be.... something #JanelaSpringBreak

Dad you fucking snapped on God  

#tech #technology An Aircraft Design That’ll Make You Love the Middle Seat. No Joke 

I know I haven't blogged in ages but some things I don't quite want to let go of. Hard to even consider deleting my account entirely.

Lol. Can't go home. This is my work schedule for next week. Yay spring break 

Fucking with cumshot and redhead babe 

that's when you just beat everybody ass in that mf, that is disgusting.. 

WRESTLEMANIA 33 SPOILED... by the predictions of some guy in his parent's basement #clickbait 

New Winterthur exhibition showcases some of the most notorious forgeries of our time 

Maybe get a nice breakfast and a cup of coffee in you before you decide whether to lean into your Moyes defense take today

If Trump Really Cared About Syrian Children, He Wouldn’t Ban Them from Entering the US 

#how do i have oral sex lesbian nuns fucking 

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? OR Tech (NEW GRADUATE) Full Time/Varied Shifts -  #Healthcare #Hiring

Oh look it's me as a FUCKING CAN 

When you like someone but then they call people snowflakes, say men should beat up women, and want to take away abo… 

#truth #gift: "Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights,... 

#Sothebys sold Ding toilet Basin for 18,000,000 see real Imperial Masterpiece Ding Vases at  

i want to buy dark souls 3 but i'm so scared that i'll break my ps4 controller like i did with bloodborne smsms

This is fucked up but the caption LMFAOO    

Tigers lineup: 4/1 1 Kinsler 2B 2 Castellanos 3B 3 VMart DH 4 Upton LF 5 McCann C 6 Mahtook RF 7 Iglesias SS 8 Avila 1B 9 Romine CF P Norris

im so fucking sick of seeing this damn tweet. 

If there is a better feeling than zipping along on an Elby on a sunny day, we don’t know what it is.… 

I have so much respect for the girls who refuse to put on fake social media facades or act like they're not interested in someone they are

People Are Sharing Images Of Their Quarters In Rio And They Arent Attractive 

#brexitshambles Day 3: People who can't even think one move ahead are now planning a European war. 

#Organic Chicken Pot Pie tonight! 

10 years of IPL is a big achievement – Sachin Tendulkar  

Hi good afternoon everyone. My first question of today was: What colour medal did Lucas Leiva win with Brazil at... 

Get your Broadway fix with *The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time* coming to WAC April 18-23! Staged... 

I've seen it all as a server. Parents will let their kids do anything. This isn't a damn playground, tell your damn child to sit down

People tell me I'm getting old, well, I guess that might be true, but that don't mean that things are better only cause it's new.

The world is a fucked place. Always stay on your toes.

The Astros' tentative plan is for Collin McHugh to make a rehab start Thursday with Triple-A Fresno. McHugh hopes to need only one outing.

 #Rochester black cat involved in an accident on Shorts Way. unfortunately didn't make it pl… 

Me: -Neko -cute and cuddly -has a bad side -smol -will kill someone -can get an attitude 

facts.. grape flavored shit is nasty 

#Fashion #BritneySpears Piece Of Me Las Vegas Light Stick NEW Glory  #Style #Forsale 

Aged 1-4 months most babies become more aware of routine and some babies need to get used to differences gradually #earlyyears #tip

Beautiful Greek Orthodox Hymn. Holy Virgin. Said to be given by the Angels Sure you'll enjoy 

#9hab bnat sex swim team girl fucked 

Hairy Velvet Anal Fucking By TROC 

Don't let the rain hinder you from worship today! Bible Fellowship Group at 9 AM, and then our worship service at 10:30 AM! #KingdomLiving

By Newsdesk with agency report The Russian Health Minister, Veronika Skvortsova, has disclosed that death toll... 

#showpussy #liveporn fucking #3some insane #undressed russians -->  

Bro I'm honestly so sick of feeling this way like what the fuck

Kenyan socialite, Huddah Monroe suffers complications from previous breast implants  

"Shadow, Mangle, Toy Bonnie, and Marionette are my favorites. That doesn't mean I don't love the rest." #ValerieBot

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

 Mom's improved health a big relief for Jason Day - New York Post 

I don't know what god #DonaldTrump was talking too but the God I know don't hear a sinner, a pathological liar!

Cavite judge dismissed from service over error in hazing case -   #Cavite #news

Domestic violence is NOT a laughing matter and I really wish y'all would stop joking around with real life situations on here. Grow tf up!

Buddy is smiling! We all know how he loved to smell pretty flowers, even though he scared me sometimes when... 

Conspiracy Theory: New creatine powder adds a surprising amount of girth to consumers. Why the FDA says this is a feature and not a bug.

If this pisses you off too bad but WTF ARE PEOPLE WHO WEAR BIG INVICTAS FUCKING IDIOTS?! FUUUCK!!!!!!!!

See How One Year’s Snowpack Buried the California Drought  

*previous work plugs for a job vacancy advertisment online* May the force be with you applicant. I hope you'll stay longer than I did. Lol 

O #LITMPagtatapat #FPJAPBalikBilibid #MDHKasagutan It Will never change baby MCLISSE IWFIL OnStarMusic

#YoAurangzebSoNoble ppl requested Aurangzeb Street in Newdelhi shall be renamed after Dr. APJ Kalam. Nothing happened so far.

Thailand / Southern Thailand / Hua Sai / Breakwater North  #Thailand #Gulf_of_Thailand #lighthouse

I have lost faith - I have tried to advertise my property for rent -without agents extortionate fees to both... 

"April fucking Fool's. Wake up and smell the roses."

Meadow Street (CV1 3HL) Coventry flood protection and trash screen monitoring 

harley jade fucking brother 

Cat Tree Post Scratcher Furniture Play House Pet Bed Kitten Toy Beige  

Some gyal nuh know bath pon dem nuh know Ariel dem nuh know bout spring time lol wash.. Hot Gyal… 

We are in a comfortable lead fight against galamsey #NoToGalamsey And #StopGalamseyNow .citizens let work hard and kill it

Darth Vader Announces Bid For Ukrainian Presidency! ↺RT<EMOJI>️  #bid #announces #candidate #presidenc

Vintage Kitchen Scale EKS Wall Scale Kitchen Decor Orange color 70s..  #retro #christmas 

if someone trust you and send you nudes.. why expose them like that just because y'all fall out. that's FUCKED up!   

I run around like an idiot with a vibrating flashing noisy gadget in my cleavage and everyone hates me #badlyexplainyourjob

US Futures Rebound Sharply, Erase All Syrian Airstrike Losses  #Börse #derTrader.at #trading

Lmfao must suck being from Hemet and never seeing a real bad bitch walk in ya city unless it's on the internet      

I know being nappy not the worst shit in that tweet too. Idc. 

Happy 24th Birthday to my big brother and best friend, Liam. With every year that passes we get… 

So The Last Of Us Remastered won I will be streaming it live from 14:00 BST. Hopefully it will arrive in time :) tune in tomorrow.

i used to think i was a winter person but god the sun is out n im in such a good mood cause of it like im over being cold n sad tbh

Zidane: I will not get into Pique's discussion. He can say what he wants but this club will remain great. Stop aski… 

#chines porn videos pakistani girl getting fucked 

1107:895 And we fairies, that do run By the triple Hecate's team From the presence of the sun, Following darkness like a dream, #AMNDBots

9 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I think folks forget others may not think like them or live/have lived the same life experience. Which is okay, life is designed that way.

my heart just plummeted to my ass this song gets me every fucking time 

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 396 #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight

Retro Sluts In Cock Sharing Fucking Session 

I’m ready to engage with my 4 new followers in the past day. I know them via 

Lynx HealthCare, treating the WHOLE patient  Learn more about OA knee pain relief

Morons! Fuck You! I saw it as well you need to stop doing crack too

SPORTS: Shaggy praised for "being a bastard" on personal YouTube channel. "It's just bad manners" says witness.

TODAY IS FUCKING THURSDAY!!!! I THOUGHT IT WAS TUESDAY!!! WHAT THE HELL! AM IN AN "ALAN WAKE" GAME?!?! 

'News Lately:' Pro-Life Efforts: Lives Saved, Abortion Clinics Closed, Workers Converted 

We have an appetite for more risk. Our physicians have earned a 20% bonus due to our value-based contracting - Dr Blosser #MedicareAdvSummit

Yes I have two different photographs of myself in regards Garabandal (1) at Pines at Garabandal (2) Photographed with Joey who assisted Gara

i hate when boys call girls "easy" like shut the fuck up Tommy you'd have sex with anything that has a pulse and two eyes fuck outta here

My fitbit #Fitstats_en_GB for 4/03/2017: 10,680 steps and 4.5 miles traveled. 

tomorrow, 3 fucking PM EST yall are paying for my fallen cheek surgery and heal the petals from hanahaki !

Pesach can be viewed as a time to considered systemic oppression. What rules and premises limit the range of... 

I keep trying to understand the phenomenon of why adults are so literal when children are so imaginative. Toys are a caricature of reality

To all my fellow gays, love who you want to love without any guilt. Be free. Mind your own business and live happily ever fucking after.  

hes beauty hes grace hell stab your fucking face <3 

There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic. ― Lily Tomlin

Ladies ; if you been pulling niggas without ass and titties then don't go getting no surgery messing up ya body. Learn from Nicki situation!

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

"Since you're always on the runway will you run away to prom with me" uyyyy mi corazon.    

Struggling with New Years Workout Resolutions. Free HIIT e-book can get you back on track! #workouts #hiit 

Local-Temp : 26.50 Local-Humidity: 48.50 Remote-Temp : 0.00 Remote-Humidity: 0.00 Time: 348103945 Counter: 0 Sensor: OK IAmArduino.

New tumblr post: "New tumblr post: "New tumblr post: "Memories from Princess Anne Country Club!  …

#Best #Toys HASBRO MARVEL UNIVERSE #AvengerS QUINN JET WITH IRONMAN AND HAWKEYE  #Gifts 

Make The Wrong Move Lil Bitch and Ima Do You Bad    

A pool of people surrounded when things are good, when it's bad not all stayed, appreciate people who did and be wary of who does not.

Highlight of the week: pharmacist driving over the parking space median in her BMW and ripping off the front end of her car. #sorrysista   

One needs to ask themselves why Flynn needed a babysitter! What does Trump know and when did he know flynn was a Ru… 

*STILL WORKING* BLACK OPS 3 [ACCOUNT DUPLICATION GLITCH] FREE DARK MATTER CAMO! AFTER LATEST PATCH!:  via

As 45 bombs Syria, I am clear that the one thing that could resurrect his terrible approval ratings is a war. Americans love war.

George Miller needs to jump into the DCEU. Matt Reeves? Joss Whedon? We need elite action directors here

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

Hoodies have hoods and jackets have zippers y'all are dumb if you call hoodies jackets 

They said it themselves. EXO DOMINATED the charts now tell me in my fucking face they never toped the Billboard 

ACTION: Judge tortures 20-year-old: No Treatment for You! #SaveDemitrius #STDDs 

#coreliancharts is still a good strategy with #GBPJPY , profit : 1561 pips, 61 trades.,MaxDD :-1200, Visit… 

The current # of people who receive email delivery of new Public Orthodoxy posts is 1,453. That's a rather ominous number for most Orthodox.

I want this in my house!   Meet Sally, the Robot Who Makes Perfect Salads - Bloomberg 

Hey grads! We have a deal for you, book your grad party in June and save   Message us for the… 

Welcome to the newest member of my household Frank   ‍we cycled 20 miles this afternoon… 

Nab a taxi free in Memphis w.. credit code WW888 on the Lyft app. Skip uber w a top promo.  

this is so annoying. why shit always gotta be a competition? every race got some bad ass females and ugly ass femal… 

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

No Hiring a Clinical Psychologist - Correctional Facility in Hinton #job #hiring 

Celebrations Afternoon Tea and Spa Days in Birmingham from £42 #TheOceanRoomsSpa at #HiltonHotels 

who am i kidding i'm just braided my hair to see how wavy it is when i take the braids out 

✽♪ Antique Hummel Umbrella Collectible Wall Plaque at Duckwells #hummel #Goebel #antique  

Male genital #YeastInfections are less common, and incidences of infection are only a fraction of those in women.

I swear I've been asked about my relationship status more in the last week than I ever have in my life #leafmealone #notagoodtime

Mistress Angelina wears an anal speculum while getting her ass fucked 

Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC Has $262,000 Position in Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) 

If history could teach us anything, it would be that private property is inextricably linked with civilization. 

Entrepreneur: Why This Headphone Maker Wishes it Had Never Done Retail  #lasvegas #nevada

Are you #TeamSchaaf? Compete in some friendly competition and cheer on Men's Lax as they take on that team up North. 

this is probably where the awkward tension comes from... "hey lena let me introduce you to..." "KEEP THAT BITCH OUT OF MY SIGHT"

"Take eloquence and wring its neck." ― Paul Verlaine (born this day, March 30, 1844) 

"This Teenager's Inventions Will Revolutionize Space Travel And Help Combat Global Warming" 

While I'm glad (and not surprised) to see other institutions stepping up, this won't prevent other universities sac… 

I love that my internship lets me get creative   watch last weeks show on YouTube  

I hate school so fucking badly, i get stuck and jus give up  ‍ 

"The best day of your life is the one on which you decide your life is your own. No apologies or..."… 

You can bury your feelings as effectively as the next person, ... More for Scorpio 

 that's what that nasty bitch gets 

Y'all gotta stop fucking ya besties , cus now these nigga think they getting the yams . . . Nah ma dude YOUR BRO  

Television nowadays is so damn terrible and it just shows the stupidity of this generation

FUCK. YEAH. LET'S DO THIS SHIT. #resist #resistmore #resistagain #FUCKINGRESIST 

I admit, I feel bad about being so foul some times, however, I also admit I don't give a fuck about being foul

A very real threat to United States national security is a global pandemic. Representative Brenda Lawrence’s... 

And im not informed that they went to vietnam, yuta was sooo fine there i cri stabbb me i dont deserve that guy *lurks in the corner*

The Secret to Building a Startup Culture that Lasts  #BizAngel #startup #entrepreneur 

Birthday is Sunday but I'm gonna be some fucked from tonight, all day tomorrow and tomorrow night   

War For The Planet Of The Apes Trailer #2 Released War For The Planet Of The Apes just debuted its second... 

When a nigga got you fucked up       

Man Utd suffer huge injury blow with Juan Mata likely to miss nine matches in April following hernia op 

Old man Shane needed to go on first so he wouldn't miss his bedtime. #WrestleMania 

    Shock! Three End draws entered, three times I've been jibbed. Fucking jokers! 

Top 10 UK Sales Chart - Mass Effect: Andromeda Is Still No.1 - GameSpot  #technology Top 10 UK Sales Chart - Mass E…

I play this same bitch ass garbage akuma player in ranked every night. Gets fucking bodied and starts throwing me to death for oki

Refresh yourself on the way back home with the comfort you need. #Mazda #Oman #Mazda6 

Hey Dallas friends, I am doing a BBQ with some meat and chicken and I also have an assortment of drinks for the... 

Is #Soros the embodiment of Evil? Hell yes, so we should thrown him out of America 

evankirstel: RT evankirstel: Samsung Galaxy DeX: Desktop experience for the #enterprise | ZDNet … 

13:33 BST: Temperature: -, Wind: , Humidity: , Rain (hourly) 0.0 mm, Pressure: 1023 hPa, rising slowly

If someone your close to is sneak dissing just know your not the one who's fucked up at the end of the day.

Syria airstrikes: International community reacts to US bombing of airfield - Fox News 

I talk to ASH FUCKING SCION AND SHE ANSWERS WITH A PIC 

Amazon must refund up to $70 million to parents for in-app purchases made by kids 

IPL Results 2017: Royal Challengers vs. Daredevils Score, Latest Table, Schedule  

I first saw Noah as our competent leader. And I remember that changed when I realized he's, contrary to his appearance, quite dark inside...

A man who loves and respects his mother are the signs of a good man. If he was raised well he will treat you well. Remember that.

YOUR DAILY DYSTOPIA by effdot ---------- There was an explosion in a metro station in St. Petersburg, Russia this... 

"The men examined some of their provisions, but they failed to ask the Lord 's advice." (Joshua 9:14)

Now you can see which are the last followers who have visited your Twitter profile here 

Discomfort rules our limbic brain — Beware your Context! #persuasion #lies…  

Please RT! #decoration #interiordesign Fall favorites  

Retweet if you think Colton Brown has a tighter leash on than most of the chokers the girls at school wear

Becoming more spiritual I'm starting to lose so many friends and family members but that's totally fine with me

Who is ready for Easter? New arrivals both in stores and online today | #shoppd #florals #easter 

Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. #AbrahamLincoln

Some dude tried scamming me on eBay   worthless pieces of shits

I hate it when I burn my lip while im smoking. I be catching a full blown attitude tryna put the blunt out lol

I remember when we were younger my cousin use to be so fascinated with teeth   now she is a dental hygienist!     

I can't say I blame Owens, honestly. I'd be pretty pissed too if only the tip of my finger got put on the list. #RAW

I wanna be friends with my (future) ex's. Bc all that wasted time for nothing   ‍ lol I don't really give people second chances so

5 Exercises From (15 to 30 Seconds) and Say Goodbye to Heel Pain Forever!  

Jacob Zuma sacks Indian-origin Pravin Gordhan as South Africa's finance minister 

Trump at a resort just coolin while deciding to go to war with a country that gasses its own citizens.

You're not a big fan of the rules unless you make them yoursel... More for Aquarius 

If governments want to stop refugees, they can, CLOSE YOUR FUCKING BORDERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

A quick and easy way to stabilize your mood swings is to relen... More for Cancer 

i need this week to be over. these midterms to be done so i can relax and drink some margaritas poolside   

#bookreview of The Martian Often funny, always exciting. Total escapism! I loved it  

What's wrong with the world?? It seems new way of terrorism is to drive vehicles over pedestrian: #Stockholm stay vigilant!

#KrasnayaPolyana Apr 05 15:00 Temperature 22C few clouds Wind SW 11 km/h Humidity 23% Russia .. 

itisalovelylife : Emmy Learns How To Code at Sylvan Learning Center  

when you wanna get the loml's attention but afraid of rejection so you just throw fruit snacks at him...

And now I'm back to playing "Nioh" and man I love this game! Only stopped because of LOZ   but I'm back it and reached that CRAZY final boss

Fact: unlike self-pity, weakness, or laziness, depression is a medical condition for which appropriate measure ought to be taken

Teachers, advertising's purpose, benefits and history are in the latest issue of award-winning Page One #EconLowdown 

Did you know that peddling racist propaganda to serve your agenda is exactly what Hitler would do? It's neither nec… 

Don't know what's going on, but it seems like roommates are moving out maybe? Won't know until later I guess

If you are not doing IT for the customer, to better your business, or to help your staff, then why are you doing IT?

Don't let your fears hold you back! Click here to find out about this great opportunity!  

My fitbit #Fitstats_en_US for 4/05/2017: 3,661 steps and 1.7 miles traveled. 

The absolute fucking state of the replies to this tweet should give Tommy a big clue why he's forever associated wi… 

I'm fucking sick of people telling me what to do with my life... it's my life I'll figure it out myself.

Do you know who are awesome? My 3 new followers in the last day! Growing with 

As for me, I've listened to a LOT of Adele after breakups, so much so that I now always associate those songs with… 

Why do girls have to be mean to other girls? Why can't we just support each other instead of starting drama?

New post is up on the blog!  #cremblog #trend #fashion 

One test can save many lives. Get tested! Know your status and explore your options. #StatusKnown #transbodies 

If you yell "fire" in a crowded theater you will burst into flames, gt's a cool trick, but only once.

New 'Pirates of the Caribbean' trailer finally shows us Orlando Bloom's return  via… 

#Nationals #OnePursuit #GoNats #Nats Washington Nationals' Opening Day 2017 - Stephen Strasburg: Pitching out .. 

uh...my grandparents are currently having a conversation on fattax and neelofx. um, my grandfather started it. um what

Crazy live,Can you hear me? Make some noise in music show.Risky Night,Gather in here.I will look at the new world oh yeah! <DODONPA!!>

no it isnt fair,i feel some of the players are to blame for the disastrous season we are having. 

Stop looking at life through a keyhole...open the door to opportunity...get involved, and create the person that you were meant to become.

Award well deserved   Congratulations to my beautiful and smartest sister. You really deserve a crown   Late upload haha  

Don't forget Family First Saturday 2-4pm tomorrow. Join us for free activities on the theme of miraculous stories 

i'm so happy for ross but why is he playing one of the worst characters... i won but at what cost 

White Green Leopard Print and Orange Pink Roses Nightgown Maxi Length Slip Dress Punk Grunge 

AW ending the rent boys. What a fucking legend! 

Lucille Brown Middle and C.C. Wells Elementary are joining us for FIELD TRIPS this week! #RVA #TheFirstTee… 

The boys are playing basketball in the kitchen while I'm doing dishes, I looked over to see they… 

Drone footage gives you a breathtaking glimpse of Apple campus  

This semester specifically has been the most stressful with the least motivation? Yall already making memes about it

Ugh life has not been going my way at all lately but as much as i want to cry and give up, i need to breathe, smile, and move on.   

Bitches wanna be crazy soo bad..like Noo bitch you ain't crazy you ignorant   Disgusting

The Level 6 Boys Team ended their night on Parallel Bars: Bonsett, 9.0 (fall) Stevenson, 8.1 Hunter, 9.1... 

Is #Frexit under pressure? What Does Geert Widers' Loss mean for #LePen and French Election? More >>>… 

Trump hits Obama while condemning Syria chemical attack  

Bro I thought Sylvia was crazy till this nigga made me crazy. now I'm fuckin nuts!  

Former Oregon Ducks QB, administrator Tom Jernstedt named to Basketball Hall of Fame  #RGsports

In a Criminal Act, CNN Gives Illegal Aliens Five Tips On How To Escape The Police, It’s Sickening - Conservative 101 

Who fucked it up you or Diego?? — Lmfao 

| LITIGATION and DISPUTE RESOLUTION | #Maritime mortgages in #Brazil: a #controversial ongoing court #dispute… 

I'm getting $88 for my meal stipend next weekend. My breakfast and lunch are free. I'm eating a good dinner.   

Before #Bannon got kicked off the NSC, he got booted from Biosphere 2. With prejudice. 

I blame on you past the time that can’t be reached.. I blame on you The scattered pieces of that day   

This is why we developed Centro College and are committed to the continuous training of our team. 

To say people aren't human enough to be counted in the census based solely on who they love is a disgrace. I am dis… 

Osborne set for £60m #Twickenham station project  #Construction #Development 

Happy birthday baby girl! I miss you, I know you're doing your thing on the west side with cho… 

Two days. Two networks. Seven games. MLB is BACK. -  

"Making Space: Women Artists and Postwar Abstraction MuseumModernArt documents a rise in opportunity. Opens 15 Apr… 

I Can't Work With You When You’re Like This - Bluegem Learning and Development | Leadership Training 

Singapore scientists teleport lemonade over the internet - CNET #Technology 

Thank you for ～. Thank you for calling. Thank you for waiting. Thank you for your trouble. Thank you for the compliment. Thank y #英会話

some ppl will #inconvenience the fuck outta "you" just to make shit #convenient for themselves!!!  #selfishmotherfuckers

  rockangel72701: zachariethememerie: dailyfuckface: obama-biden-memes: Haha =D So I get to be the wife... 

Introducing Tahoe RST. A seamless blend of style and performance, worthy of special edition status.… 

So fucking disappointed , i didn't get my tongue pierced   

BELLE FILLE Temperature Color Change Chameleon Nail Gel Polish Soak-off UV 5026  

Thalidomide was a disaster. And it's available in Canada again. - Macleans.ca 

Girl in boots and skirt fucked on train 

China ROC38Year People's Bank 5000Yuan banknote Specimen  

Here’s A Detailed Look At All Three Colorways of the Supreme x Nike Air More Uptempo “Suptempo” Pack… 

wish my computer would stop crashing and italy to put color on this so i can post it 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Im fucking DYING at that video of Kanye running into the sign           

A tiny part of me is happy for a few very dear friends who cherish their beloved Carolina. Cheers to you all. ...... 

I hate feeling like a tourist when I come to #Chicago Maybe now it's time for me to move back! #funemployment 

Timmy's parents are fucking twats. Maybe if you fucking listen to your son, he wouldn't be talking to his fucking fish all the time.

Counter-terrorism police join investigation into fatal stabbing at Queanbeyan – ABC Online 

Erdogan says European Turks should defy 'fascist oppression' and vote to give him more power  

OUR DEMOCRATIC COLLEAGUES HAVE DONE SOMETHING UNPRECEDENTED IN THE HISTORY OF THE SENATED, MITCH MCCONNELL? FUCK YOU!!!

100 followers YAY!!!!!!! *Loses liberal follower because they turn out "See Retweets"* 99 FOLLOWERS!!!!!!! YAY!!!!!

SO FUCKING STOKED APRIL 20TH GUYS #ALessonInRomantics #MaydayParade #10thAnniversaryTour 

Dam near ready to go join the military I'm tryna slide to Syria and purge on some shit for a few years

this is a retarded question but what's the Pokemon in your avatar

This Creative Kickboxing Workout Will Make You Feel Like a Badass  Motivation.......

DEA to Classify Liquid, Synthetic THC as a Schedule II Controlled Substance via US Hemp Co - DEA ... 

Carter Page -- A Former Trump Adviser Met With A Russian Spy. #hardball #inners #maddow #lastword 

"The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education." Albert Einstein #financialeducation #richdad

Jennifer Flowers still alive? She was so awkward during WrestleMania 14. lmao Who the fuck flirts with Jeff Jarrett in that loud ass jacket?

A handful of patience is worth a bushel of brains" - Dutch Proverb - here ฿฿฿ $ell/฿uy  #Bitcoin

one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Happy birthday Blake we miss you like crazy man thank you for keeping us safe down here I love you Blake Arron 

The preacger curl is one of the best ways to develop your biceps. Having th elbows onto the pads… 

Iraq War about controlling the petrol Dollar and banking system. Not oil. That's the false flag. One world currency, cashless banking system.

How many followers do you get everyday? I got 2 in the last week. Growing daily with 

Looking forward to the stares when I get off the plane in Wisconsin due to my MSU gear...stare away!! #HailState #GoDawgs       

I know we both feel it but this is fucking stuuuupppppoiiiiiiiidddddsyckuwejo

When Xi Jinping meets with Trump at Mar-a-Lago, one thing's for sure: They won't be golfing 

Man Was Trapped In Muddy Pond For Hours With His Nose Just Above Water After His Excavator Toppled 

When a journalist can be fooled by an idiot like Devin Nunes then that journalist has lost ALL credibility 

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid pics from the Alubarna Palace Baths!  #TreCru 

How to drink wine the right way, according to science   Gizmodo

 Rare-Beautiful 1870S French Cavalry/Dragon Brass #Helmet And Chain Straps #Buynow $405 #Deal 

Dana Point: Grimer  40.0% (10/6/2 - Mud Slap/Sludge Bomb - s:large) til 17:19:40(29m 10s). 

Although your intuition is functioning at a very high level to... More for Taurus 

You know that there are many organisations working on behalf of Syrians and you can donate some money? Just saying. Nevermind.

Aight it's time to pull the gloves out I'm sick of bitches

  KATY PERRY,2017   , CALIFORNIA STATE   , FROM HUGE LAUGHTER'S , COMPUTERS and PHONE'S    , IRRITATED U OPENING ME??… 

NOBODY FUCKING DEFEND HIM? 

I CNAT FUCKING BRETABE MY EARS 

10 innings into the season, I already cringe as Mondesi seems ready to collide with a teammate on every fly ball.

Muah!   We just can't thank you all enough for your votes, your multitude of sharing and overall support... 

[Infographic] 6 steps to successful email campaigns  #emailmarketing #email #biztips 

Congratulations to my student of the month, who always shows acceptance to others. Great job H.S    

Myth: Warm Up can Increase Vertical Jump! True or False? #nba See at :  

Look what I just sniped off auction for $20 boys! 2 controllers and all cables Just need a copy of Sega Tennis and… 

"and Jade.." "Yes Mr Petrakis?" "Just call me Eros, when we are alone" OHMYGOD IM SCREAMING LIKE A MAD BITCH

#realDonaldTrump I said it before if you take away all the Washington elites free perks they might listen to you

BREAKING: Neil Gorsuch confirmed to the Supreme Court  

After the Alliance and Horde had cleaned out the Cathedral. Maiev and Illidan take some time to chat... in private… 

Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4! #PS4live (WATCH_DOGS) live at 

seeing the amount of people on my course that have handed in their diss today is giving me major anxiety to finish mine

Jasonbassett: 3 Tips To Improve Your Photos And More!!  Photo By ViewBug Member: jasonbass… 

#girls fucked by shemales homemade hardcore 

Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans.- John Lennon -

Have you been visited by a bailiff since April 2014? We want to hear your story for our #bailiffreform campaign… 

for one moment I thought it wasn't so bad but then I put on my glasses and oh found out it's worse than I thought lol

#diesel #toyotahilux with our #xptrucktray. Interesting build to say the least. This #toyota is… 

Part time Financial Controller Our Client is a business providing IT Supporting and Resourcing Services ...

"Aside from provoking large-scale nuclear war, it's hard to imagine a pres taking an action more harmful to the US" 

HIS NAME IS VINCENT VAN GOGH JESUS FUCKING CHRIST 

Investors rein in their Trump-fueled optimism   

Ever catch a niggas creeping and you mad AF and he just looking at you like you stupid?

 How much more do I have to wait? How many more nights do I have to stay up? Until I can see you?  #ARMYSelcaDay 

The GOP has been crapping all over our constitution since all this trump shit started.As soon as trump was in offic… 

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for SanFrancisco, USCA for now (09h58m01s UT): 18°04'29.8'' #Capricorn (AC) / 10°26'31.7'' #Scorpio (MC)

"In the Still of the Night [Take 5][#]" by Charlie Parker and His Orchestra 

Guys... this was the chance I was awarding you! to be nice and take me to see Mick Jenkins... y'all suck   

#Putinkiller radio backup. Dedicated to the death demise disappearance of Vladimir. Now playing out of the blue by Neil Young

Niger Delta Thrown Into Massive Jubilation, As Saraki Orders Minister To Flood The Region With Billions Of Naira - 

holy shit i can take the fattest shit imaginable while playing breath of the head is coming sooner than i thought

somebody was joking, and maybe, yes, maybe she was wrong at one point. but calling other people's opinion trash is just awful.

The Muslim invasion of free countries continues unabated. Enlist in our patriot army at  

Can't imagine his games too good if he thinks a tampons gonna steal his girl 

#WallDecal #WallArt #WallMural #WallSticker This great design is of a pointed stag with a forest masking up the ba…… 

12:00, Dry, Temp:13.7C (Hi 15.3/Lo 11.3), Hum:26%, Baro:1014.6hPa, Wind:17.7km/h-N, Rain: 0.0mm-Forecast:

Fun w/numbers: black males are 6% of US population but commit 50% of murders androbberies;30% rapes/agg assaults/burg… 

Just added to my tracks on Spotify "Where Do You Go to (My Lovely)" by Peter Sarstedt  

I was so stoked to see that #Persona5 downloading on my PS4. I don't want to wait~ 

Poolside interracial fucking 

   I get hell of love from plp that don't even know me but where are the plp that claim to love… 

THATS FUCKING LOVE!!!!!!!!!!!!! HIT ME FOR YOUR COPY TODAY FAMILY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!… 

Thinking of taking a break in Scarborough? Check our website for tourist information.  

Kayla- "it's not bullying it's calling shit damn it.!!!!!"

Fact Check: Trump’s Misleading Claims on the Health Bill Failure  Did U thank he would something different

Thought you said that you would always be in love But you’re not in love no more Did it frighten you?

WhatsApp Marketing: How to win business with broadcast lists (part 1)  #SMM #SEO #Uganda #growthhacking

Eevee 86.7% IV (13/14/12) with Tackle and Swift has spawned until: 05:56:00am (27m 30s). 

Please RT? #cars Mini Vision Next 100 Concept: The Future of Old School  

Watch lesbian movie:  Ann Marie fucking her boyfriend's friend 

     mannie watching some dumb ass videos off YouTube. All I heard is you look like the pile of shit emoji   like wtf

i can't even finish a whole episode without falling asleep in the middle and having to rewind the whole thing the n… 

Hey if you're too pussy to cheer for the oilers that's cool just step aside and keep my name out your mouth

LisaSwede getting fucked by stranger 

#NCAABK Gonzaga vs UNC will be an all-timer | THE HERD  

AMI Solution :: As NFV matures, is the infrastructure ready for automation? - RCR Wireless… 

Given inc. in SSB consumption in Berkeley after their introduction of a SSB tax, one wonders about the math models… 

GREAAAAT MY MOM KEEPS ON BURSTING INTO MY ROOM WHICH I LOCKED TO KEEP ON TALKING TO ME PISS OFF IDIOT

April Fools' Day 2017: the best jokes from the car industry - Autocar  

I feel so fucking awful for you if you're that closed minded

I hope the next person I fuck with is actually worth it, I'm tired of waisting time with temporary people

and even if he is dating someone why is it anyone's fucking business

Photographer Spotlight Soham Gupta Los Angeles Review Of … :  .,,, 

even tho 13 reasons why is a thing ppl still make me feel so crap n alone n ignore me even if they know the hell i've been through

Lmfao ten likes no replies you manage an ass who whispers into a blue yeti nobody cares what u say 

Know someone age 55+ with support needs who would benefit from living in a supported retirement scheme?… 

TORONTO Yoga Conference April 2nd 2017 it is a mad house and a lot of fun... Thanks for visiting us... 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

Varun Dhawan and girlfriend Natasha Dalal having fun time with…  #Actor #In_Life… 

Learn why Ceres Station is an accident waiting to happen #TheExpanse  #Expanse

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

Some bad ass females end up with a nigga that is barley attractive cause all you good looking niggas are hoes and worse then bitches 

What do sellers seek on #OnlineMarketplaces? Mamata reveals which etailers meet these #ecommerce needs #OnlineRetai… 

Udgaar: A youth festival in town, with a touch of Krishna Consciousness - Hindustan Times 

Feel bad for my parents they be thinking I've went off the rails and had my rebellious stage- they've yet to see how bad I'm getting x

i can never play my music at work bc we go from george strait to eazy e to kealii rachel to drake to shakira. all kinds of fucked up 

illness muleteer busted rends ellipsis peculiar Jeanette thunderheads Cassandra's #nonsense #nonsenseengine

At the end of the day Hannah hurt all those kids who made her feel worthless. I know I would have felt vindicated.

How many of these people lamenting here can recites the National Pledge that is more shorter than the Anthem?

Bro if Jabrill Peppers or Taco Charlton still there when we pick we better pick one of them lol 

New post (Fox News Star Host Bill O’Reilly Faces Show Advertisement Pullouts) has been published on Wham Report -… 

not here for the drama, you guys can have it out, I was good on my own and I'll be alright again on my own

The microbiome and the lung - europe pmc article - europe pmc restore for gut health supplement - 

We can hardly wait to worship with you this weekend! Make plans to join us for FRIEND OF SINNERS with our Foundin… 

I know all about your tricks so don't you fucking try it

Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner Still Benefiting From Business Empire, Filings Show 

Why does sunny Cambodia attract such shady characters? - South China Morning Post 

Old photo of Senator Dino Melaye with former VC of Ahmadu Bello University, Prof Mahdi in… 

Free Market Health Care Government involvement in health care drives prices up. 

When did high-waisted jeans come back in? (Probably long ago--I wasn't too keyed in to style when I was 20, and I'm certainly not so now.)

What if the hottest tunes at the moment were set in #Geelong? Find out here:  #geelongas -… 

Symbolically important. Potentially alters calculations in Kremlin and Damascus. Strategies, counterstrategies and fi… 

Fucking Aguero. What we could do with one like him.

Ice hockey world body still works for <b>Olympic</b> deal with NHL 

#TheResistance Th 1% Railng AgainstGovt RLiken2 Th BlindHunter Bmoaning His CaptivePrey-Wout Govt They Wld Soon Exhaust TheirOwn Sustenance 

oh god damn it, bad boyzzzz 

#a woman fucking morrowind mods nude 

i swear some of u niggas so fucking wack. exposing a woman on the tl because she takes an interest in u?? how fucking lame

How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it. -Marcus Aurelius MAYMAY ShinesOnShowtime

Landlords! Don't put up with poor service from your letting agent. It's Simple to Switch..  

I been around a wee bit longer than 24 years hahahaha but I would say that the person who… 

#ViaRail you suck. You went from saying you're unlimited to "selling out 4000 passes". Marketing team fucked up or what?

what the fuck is this i hate my life 

LOOK: Everyone Is Talking About Ivanka’s Outfit At Rose Garden Last Night [PHOTOS] - 

OMG SHE FUCKING GRABS HER FROM HOOK'S SIDE AND TAKE HER AWAY CAN SHE DO IT AT THE WEDDING TOO PLEASE??? 

I'd love to at least finish from the elbow down. But if I can get up to my shoulder before work I'll be stokeddd

#ReggaeVolution the album is here ya'all...hit me up to get your copy before April 14th. See you… 

Found a Transponder Snail! A tearful farewell: The Going Merry's last voyage.  #TreCru 

I've just watched episode S06E14 of Once Upon a Time (2011)! #OnceUponATime  

coco is literally the cutest fucking thing 

We don't even know how fucked we are 

"RT shainedawson: not a fan of people who constantly play the victim and loathe in self pity. get out there and change your situation. No o…

Infant Toddler Developmental Toys Fisher Price Phone Learning  

Keep it Clean with Randy’s and Get 10% OFF Everything with Code MRSTINKYS  

Sorry I'm late, but it's been one heck of a ride, your the only one I would spend it with! I love you so much 

i really HATE a "come over" ass nigga like wtf every time we communicate dont tell me to come over tf take me out or something fuck

Britney Spears is Getting Attention for a Hot Green Bikini Photo on Instagram |

Such a beautiful old Italy. So inspirational   #Verona  

No where to turn Who will come, to cheer you on? (Yeah) Never let go, go, go! Never give up, up, up! Never let go! Never give up!

This Employer Got Hoisted in Effigy by Anti-Trump Protesters  

Op-Ed: Trump signals total GOP surrender on health policy - CNBC  #Health - Google News

Clover Station helps you cut down on lines while ramping up sales with App Market access. 

Varioussegments of pampered Delhijans (encroachers,land mafia,dysfunctionaland corrupt publicservants) r all cohorts… 

#kenlivingstone -ugly little man. Desperate for attention.I feel sorry for decent #LabourParty mps who are tarnished by this egotistic nonce

Punished Harry: A fallen pornstar fucked by two dicks in prison. 

MAPPED: Brexit Britain's enemies revealed – and guess who REALLY wants the UK to suffer -  #GoogleAlerts

Jake drifts around a corner; Liv and Mariah are freaking out crying Heather and I are like FUCK YAAA!!!!       

Do what you do so well that they will want to see it again and bring their friends.~ Walt Disney 

Stupid fucking weak minded people are so incapable of thinking for themselves...

Selling.. Film Front Cellophane Paper Clear Window Sandwich Bags - Various Sizes £1.80  #sales

Just like your living space needs to be swept and mopped regul... More for Virgo 

It's so crazy how you can't even tell the years have passed, but when you look back everything is so different.

On April 8th, Chesapeake invites you on a spectacular 13.1 mile journey through the wilderness:… 

This is about programming children to accept security and subjecting them to fear. #Disney no longer #kid friendly.… 

Three reasons streaming is replacing the Let’s Play industry via Digg  #devnews

Watched less than one episode of Santa Clarita Diet and was done. The show is absolutely disgusting. Cannot... 

My committee have the right to personally endorse any candidate of their choice- Prince Ampofo [UG SRC Treasurer] #UGDecides

I can hear this dude eating his chips from all the way across this damn restaurant. Somebody fucking KILL ME!!!!!

#F1 6 OFFICIAL Images by Sauber F1 - Formula 1 CHINESE GRAND PRIX - Friday, 07th April 2017-09:45 am

The Tu at Sainsbury’s skinny jeans that are giving designer brands a run for their money  

6 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

News: Rae Sremmurd Announce New Album, ‘SremmLife 3’  

This nigga Reub has some of the worst communication skills   ‍

Earth from Himawari 8 at 08:30 on April 3, 2017. #space #satellite #earth #himawari 

#tranny sex girls anima fucking 

My pussy is yoursss…. Click Here: ☞  ☜ Join for Free Live Show #joinfree #nocatch #live… 

   that's some real hood shit, I'll never forget heading out wit my niggas and realizing that someone stole his gas cap

Wife has decided to join me for my workout today...LET FUCKING GO!!! #RedHulk #SheHulk #LetsWorkNoExcuses

Saying we are in post Christian era is a defeatist statement,we need shepards to lead us on get us moving again!!

The 23 Best Tiny San Antonio Restaurants You Should’ve Tried by Now  

Thank you Agnes, I’m fine! It’s just..That I was getting heated in my talking! That’s right, it’s almost time for your turn..!

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

It's one of the highest honors to welcome officials from the Great State of Ohio to Sandusky! It's time to show off… 

Love that you state "stand up and emulate". Standing by and doing nothing is a sin! 

This ramp at Mania has to be about 70 yards, minimum. Goldberg is gonna be blown up before he even gets to Brock.

#terriblerefs this championship game is hard to watch, what happened to let the players decide the outcome of the game.

ig a dog started sniffing him when he had a tv dinner in his hand and he lost his shit n management was afraid hed get violent.

When gratitude was expected at the wrong times, it can be challenging to have it at the right times. #complextrauma 

dog owners aged 40-50 who refuse to foster, I'd like to speak to you for book research, ta! #journorequest #PRrequest

#Crying is one of the natural ways we can release the devil inside and help the body-mind heal itself. #letitout 

Enjoying a complementary lunch from #roxysgrilledcheese courtesy of #JetblueATL got half of each… 

Substitute negativity for positivity, especially in your thought life. Take control of how you think, what you think and how you see yourself.

Klopp texting him asking him if he can get the cast off before the end of the season 

My room is: CO2: 398ppm Pressure: 1016.67hPa Temperature: 19.50°C Humidity: 42.92% Luminosity: 0Lux 2017/04/02-21:22:28

This guy doing my nails has to wipe himself off every 2min from the powder getting on his arms while doing my nails

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

Hell naw, why does this nigga gotta to DM me his dick picture, wtf!   ‍

My dad bought me an unicorn cause he told me I used to love them, I think he wants it more though.   

But I'm keeping it clean this time. I'm tired of busting my ass for days to get it clean just to have it trashed again.

It could seem like there are invisible boundaries in place tha... More for Aquarius 

The sun is out at the Community Stadium for today's game against the Deres. Slight breeze which shouldn't affect anyone. 3pts needed today.

Cant even do a straight frontlever because my fat ass is too heavy.     #fail #calistehnic… 

#lrt thats where my comparisons of tgd/13rw come from because they're target the same demographic (age at least) but one blew up while the

Black and Brown activists: ICE and police are terrorizing our people White liberals: We won't give up until we get Trump's tax returns!

#AmexSurLaTable - One pill makes you larger And if you go chasing rabbits And one pill makes you small And you know you're going to

This stupid fucking bus driver has been gone for 10 minutes omg

BREAKING Termtime holiday dad Jon Platt LOSES legal battle in Supreme Court. 

There is hope and there is despair. The gift is YOU get to CHOSE which one to embraces. #LoveMyLife

#Beauty #5: AMTOK Blackhead Remover Kit Curved Blackhead Tweezers Kit Pimple Comedone… 

Facebook Enables User-Generated Crowdfunding Campaigns Related to Medical, Education, and More -… 

One billion, sixty seven million, one hundred and seventy nine thousand and four hundred. 

Tenders - indian tenders, power tenders, tavern tenders, cabin boy india, good information: qaIcbfBV 

One Third of Americans Uncomfortable with LGBTQ Colleagues, Study Shows | Broadly 

Magikarp 93.3% IV (13/15/14) with Splash and Struggle has spawned til: 09:43:36am (25m 15s). 

You're meme is ugly and so are you but w/e I said what I fucking said 

 Striker Avenue Troy was shot on Christmas Eve and the bullets are still lodged in the head   

Good morning everyone! We are at the BC Interior Sportsman Show in Kelowna, BC. Tony and Vic are sipping... 

Not even on for 3 minutes and there it fucking is a Shitallica video. And of all tunes one of their worst Nothing Else Matters

Now it's time to snigger at Barnabys stupid brain dead remarks He's an idiot but the commentariat can't say it #insiders

Lmao eventually I'll just bring an entire box of my own tools to work. I already bring my knives and sharpening steel, now this.

Like who raised this nasty ass person , not my grandparents   ‍  ‍

Honestly surrounding yourself with positive people who love and care about you no matter what is the best thing you can do for yourself   

When shooting on this #film ended in Jamaica, locals stole over $30k in costumes and props -  

Kevin hart was stupid as hell in think like a man 1

also everyone who still worships slay kween hilary are just as fucking delusional 

its shakes a lot up... especially when the way the clan system works is NOT always right in it of itself....

11 Innocent Kids Who Have Committed The Most Terrifying Crimes. #8 Gave Me Goosebumps 

Why r people trying to boost ur pathetic black ego — choke whitey 

NigeriaNewsdesk: Ex-President Jonathan summons PDP factions to peace meeting  via todayng 

oui crips bloods i use in pererinths dont confuse haa a little joke for um 123" thanks all in standing ovations promise

Our founding fathers are rolling over in their graves. What even is bipartisanship. Sad sad day for America and our… 

#Lansingerland breasts #porno #nasty titty sexygirls #livejasmin #amature wank findom 

Dear god, send me a mother fucker with a fucking personality for Christ's sake

Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.- Aristotle #quote 

1. Everyone else always has their music on first out loud while I have to listen thru headphones 2. I get tired of the radio

I'm all for saving time! Throw in a pan some roasted veggies from yesterday's dinner, some fermented tofu and... 

“Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience.” KISSES SlayingKCCMallGenSan

More reminders to come to our bake off coffee morning! #weloveourlocalcommunity 

amateurteenfan: What i must do to drive me home? Ok this is a...: amateurteenfan: What i must do to drive me home?…… 

Don’t Waste Your Money on Pedicure Anymore: Just Two Ingredients from Your Kitchen Can Make Your Feet Look Amazing!. 

#MentionABiz Anthony T Reynolds Photography, Melbourne, Australia   #DNDF #sme

Sport:Red Sox at Nationals exhibition canceled because of rain>WA..  #sports 

Time to mute the word Trump as well. Everybody is a fucking expert.

First outdoor run of the year !! Goal is to get a sub 20 5k! Haven't seen a number like that… 

Two inside out vaginas Isn't that a dick It's not like I have a uterus and ovaries hanging off my tip

#news #Armenian St. Petersburg subway blast: Two suspects sought in bombing that killed 10… 

theres no tentacle porn in the assclass ao3 archive? im fucking disappointed

12 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 7 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you 

thank you Ariana Grande for being the reason of my everyday smile! your smile can make my day so much better! Ily guys

Mad y'all ain't call me for this hoe but I see you Ceno  n 2z    

ICYMI: A woman's been cut free and treated by paramedics after a crash between two cars in #Chatham… 

I don't know if you noticed, but our two-party system is a bowl of shit looking in the mirror at itself. ― Lewis Black

Williamsburg County School District will have a 2-hour delay for students today. Staff members asked to report at 9 a.m. #scnews

 We already knew she could take a pretty picture... I'm more concerned with her education 

Susan Sarandon SLAMS Publicist For Creating Those Pesky Julia Roberts Feud Rumors — Oh Snap! #Celebrities 

Good News : All avalanche affected soldiers in Kaksar sector in JandK safely rescued. 

Resmi Jadi Ayah, Donny Michael : Welcome To The Jungle My Lovely Son  #PojokSatu

Holding down the fort with one more match to go.  #volvocup #tennis #massagetherapists #lmt… 

China's plan to mine for copper beneath an ancient city gets thrown off by corruption charges - CNBC 

Transmitter: A Beer Packaging Design Inspired by Ham Radio  

Modern Interpretations Of Centuries Old Art Show People Havent Changed in 100s Of Years 

The Billion Coin Family Is Built On Trust! It is a family you can trust for life! 

#thigh highs skinny sims 2 fucking 

Democrat Jon Ossoff's fundraising haul this quarter blew past the average for comparable congressional campaign ... 

HE DIDNT EVEN HAVE HIS FUCKING BLINKER ON!!! THEN HONKED AT ME!!! THE FUCK!!!!!!!! I'm full of rage

It's a honor to work together with this awesome project and awesome artists. Go check this out, guys :) 

What I look like thing off somebody that hate me! bye Fe fucking licia

Our Women's Fitness edition is out! See the link in our bio and read about samfitcanberra… 

Take a bowl of mashed chicken, add organic olives, roast for an hour, sprinkle with cream, and serve piping hot.

Chekists and their supporters ARE NOT WELCOME IN THE USA, get out #MAGA lovers... you support Putin and his Chekist r… 

I am his cum slave... He is going to fuck me as hard as he wants... I have to be really wet as I am because this is gonna hurt...

EXCLUSIVE: 'Grey's Anatomy' Star Kelly McCreary Opens Up About Maggie's 'Devastating' Loss 'There were so many mom… 

Kilom fucking shele mennnnn 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

when ppl join sororities and suddenly lose capability to think for themselves/forget who they are < s/o to sorority girls that dont do that

flexible girl fucking in 3gp video 

EVEN IF I FUCKED U ONCE UR PART OF MY COLLECTION   #5KTALK

my bf is so annoying can she shut the fuck up please

Philips AVENT Microwave Steam Sterilizer #home #chef  

A3:Put your bills on auto-pay so you don’t miss a payment and pay down debt to 30% of your available credit to boost… 

Bitch come on... you know what you said.... you asking for Tommie to be crazy... #LHHATL

How many followers do you get daily? 5 awesome new followers for me! Grow with 

Chula Vista, #CA -  - Bulk Driver - Individuals will be responsib...  #DRIVING #JOB #CARLSBAD

Guidance: Business asset roll over relief: HS290 Self Assessment helpsheet  

You wanna rt the tweets about going above and beyond for the girl but not the tweets about the woman doing the same and being faithful  

My latest Photoshop Fun with my encouragement to all #journalists to #KeepDigging. 

Please join me to help raise funds for Childrens Cancer Research  …  

i know i fucked up in the past but you know i've changed and you know how much I hate myself and you know you're not helping aknjnbdfjbi

Hewlett Packard Enterprise lowers earnings outlook after completing spinoff of ES business 

#Zuma, Guptas we will let you use Waterkloof one last time, to get the fuck out of our country! And take Manyi, Andile and Chelsea with you

TU Just How Fast the night changes #LITMPagtatapat #FPJAPBalikBilibid #MDHKasagutan MCLISSE IWFIL OnStarMusic

My face when these hoes act like they ain't out here fucking 

What the fuck is this bitch nasally insufflating!!

I've finally reached the point in my life where "don't stop believing" by journey is annoying af and I have to skip it

When I go on Maury, I want all my friend me cutting up saying "Dass right sis, he know he that baby papi, yup,he lying, he know it"      ‍

I suspect JZ is under tremendous pressure to force this nuclear deal through. PG stands in the way. Makes sense. 

Turn on: someone who is tall, turn offs: fucked up teeth 

BETSTARS-Bet £10 and Get £20 in FREE bonus bet tandc's apply JOIN HERE Today for your £20 in FREE bets… 

It scares me that a lot of girls don't drink a lot of water ... I know your pee smells like a fucking sewer.

My tattoo always reminds me to EMBRACE fear. To see fear as my friend. Fear shows me what I most… 

sign up to 2v2 1nd at 1am retards 

I fucked up I said I'm sorry now it's on you play stupid and give me away if you want too

Make sure to request when you do or else you will go to hell i don't make the rules 

You might be disgruntled with your current social standing bec... More for Taurus 

well i would be fucked my guy 

Speaker phone is for pussy ass bitches who need other bitches to handle their shit for them. #sorrynotsorry#sopissed

Jones New York sport 16W shorts blue pleated womens NWT  

Come and visit us over on Facebook to see what we are doing there too >    #FamilyFun… 

when you fucking on that bitch I hope you thinking about me   

I don't understand why people still push for this... Metric makes so much more sense! #Brexit 

YEAH TO HELL WITH GOD! TANYA IS OUR GOD OF WAR!!!! HEIL TANYA!!! HEIL THE EMPIRE!!!!! FOR THE FATHERLAND~! ( Man... 

The Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Shares Bought by HighPoint Advisor Group…  #homeimprovement

Look out for me looking awkward in Oli's vlog that goes up tomorrow, I'm the first person in the queue looking shy and awkward

Lipbubble (립버블) is a 7 member girl group that debuted on March 22 with a digital single titled "Popcorn" 

We cannot predict the next mythology-but we can predict (it will) open mind to the mystery of the universe and mystery of one's self~Campbell

Robert of West Fork won $20K playing a $10 $10 Million Cash Spectacular ticket from ASL retailer Wild Bill's Fast T… 

It's April Fool's Day and everyone is making the same joke  

At least 20 people killed at Pakistan shrine after 'custodian drugged...  

One of the simplest ways to stay happy is... letting go of the things that makes you sad. #MAYWARDForMcDonalds

year and a half with this guy I'm so grateful to have u in my life , you're mine   

Why the fuck would anyone walk around with a shirt that says Anxiety Society? Yes, lemme glorify the fact that I have anxiety.

Goldberg will retain the Universal Championship at #WrestleMania. Who do you think will win? 

Valene: I caught my breath and looked up at her. Nana: Rebecca is 7 and I noticed she has taken some good falls on… 

DUB FUCKING CITY COMP GIRLS LAX ON THE RISE BITCHES

Alex Brosas another idiot #ALDUBKSGoesToUS 

my manz said he likes hot cheetos better than takis..... i feel very betrayed and hurt. 

#porn squirts fucking girl vidio 

Luxus anal fucking in der bedstead 

I'm just back from YUZU Hair and Beauty. Check out my #salonselfie and read my review here.  #

Horny cheating wife came to visit and fucked her on cam 

When u have anger issues, but your bros are goals as fuck 

2017/04/06 11:22:04 (JST) UV: 0.0 uW/cm² CO2: 645 ppm Lux: 0.5 lux Temp: 27.6 ℃ Humid: 38.4 % Press: 1021.7 hPa Dust: 0.62 mg/㎥

I found this awesome recording of "Thooliyile - Chinna Thambi" on #Smule:  #SingKaraoke

So you're essentially part of the top 6 that gave this politically driven reshuffle a blessing? Your tweets suggest… 

You might end up in a heated exchange with someone close to yo... More for Scorpio 

When people cheat and end up saying 'Sorry, it was an accident' Falling down the stairs is an accident. Get your shit together  

Apologies in adv for the lack of blog posts. Just been working on some things/rebranding my website. This is NOT... 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Wedding Trends Something borrowed, something blue. Something old, and something new.... Not all brides choose to... 

The guy I was going to hook up with but canceled just came through my line at work 

If I showed you my flaws. Tell me honestly, would you still love me the same? If the answer is  ... just leave me, plz   

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Roadside eateries' Hygiene: 1.No gloves 2. Hardly wash hands after handling money, wiping sweat, clearing nose/ears. Peeing etc #Nagpur

I have always hated Firmino but when you strike a football like that to give us the win, I can't help but love you.

Ever wonder who's buying Twitter followers? Status People can help… | blog post on Ms. Social Media  #mssome

#Evergem #sluts fucking #casualdates #facials pussyfuck #directchat #liveonchaturbate domme #videochat #nakedselfie 

EVERY YEAR THE STAGE DESIGN GETS BETTER AND BETTER!! I'M HYPE FOR TOMORROW!! 

On our way back to London, chatting about life and you guys with all your doing for us! ;)x ft Jack- Rye   

We gotta getvaway from here. Stop crying baby it will be alright.. BABY HARRY FUCK I AM LUCKY SUCH A GOOD AND HAPPENING SON OMG FUCK

I'm fucking dyin             

No Incentive? Algorand Blockchain Sparks Debate at Cryptography Event  #FC2017

$ 1 : 405 # What fucking happened to all the forex CBN sold

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

the worst feeling is when you become short of breath laying down and you feel as if you can't do the most normal thing anymore...breathe .

SOCCER: Zinedine Zidane unsure if he'll still be at Real Madrid for next season 

Trump: ‘If China Is Not Going To Solve North Korea, We Will’  

My phone is fucked up, it's 11:02 rn but my phone says this  

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

The feeling you get when you jut sit in the shower and let the hot water run on your chilled body>>>>   

#twerk #nyxlingerie sacramento #richmond net sisters -->  

#Christians, revival must begin within ourselves. How are we to share God w/ others when people cannot recognize Him in us? #GodisLove #MAGA

Yesterday, sad day for women but let's fight back. Support Planned Parent in all 50 states. Down with Pence!

Melbourne Victory have six games to prove their title credentials, says Fahid #MelbourneVictory #MelbourneVictory 

YID VICIOUS tonight at 7:30! 

Life can be a bitch at the most unexpected times but eventually you'll always come out on top with the right attitude

Rods out on the estate lake,just cast out and lost one as putting rod on the buzzer,fingers crossed for a good nigh… 

all those smiles and tears I store in here a multitude of sins won't let them out you and me were something #micropoetry #museinlove

Which one of you sick fucks took my name?     

Me: Do you have any hot sauce? Someone: No, but I've got sweet chilli dipping sauce. 

Found a Transponder Snail! Oars comes back as a henchman of Moria?!  #TreCru 

  I fucking hate you, I want to hurt you, I want to fucking kill you, bitch   ♫ 

Sanwood Lady Boho Floral Flower Festival Wedding Garland Forehead Hair Head Band Sanwood 

Toddler Baby Crochet/Knit Fleece Boots Girl Toddler Snow Booties Crib Shoes 13  

#freelance this simple system tripled my money on autopilot  

You are reaching Canadian puberty. You are probably noticing some changes in your body. For instance, when you fart your dick gets hard.

"Serenity to accept what I can't change, courage to change what I can, wisdom to kno the difference"

A6—ST PATRICK'S SEMINARY, SYDNEY, the home of Leonardo diCaprio’s #Gatsby that so beautifully comes off as a to-die-for Long Island estate.

Of course, you want to be recognized for your contributions on... More for Pisces 

Margo: smol happy lich girl, optimistic in the face of a decaying world. Likes "G" names. Gristle: awkward wight boy, likes making things

Post Edited: walk-through: best service to get academic assignments speedily and guaranteedly 

Clay needs to give these tape to the police. If he doesn't then he is a coward. But he is a young sweet boy 

What's on TV: 'Rogue One,' 'Archer,' Louis CK and 'Chewing Gum'  

I just hope my skeleton is having a great time in its meat prison. If it's partying nonstop, then it's all been worth it.

I like when I'm trying to save pics to my calculator and I've got to close the Daily Bible Verse ad first.

Scenario: a muslim man beats his wife because she wants to be a feminist, but this goes against his culture. Who does the liberal defend?

La Liga is gone, we're out of it. Today was our chance and we fucked it up

Establish a step-by-step plan of action for dealing with the misery of #RLS holistically 

on a rlly serious note my life is really great right now and i'm enjoying every second with my friends and my "best" friend

Social media is ever evolving. One day we will be able to go on You Tube and see the 45th President being pissed on by Russian whores. Sigh

Apple iPod Touch 4th Generation 8gb *$1 No Reserve!*  

Gay military vids:  #gaymilitary #gaysoldier #nakedsoldier #nudesoldiers 

Great leaders inspire people to be their best. But toxic leaders leave employees struggling to get through the day: 

Jackie Mason to Paul Ryan: If You Want to Save the Country, 'Get Another Job'z 

Yet America still hasn't figured out just how badly they are getting fucked by the Jews.   

Honestly you can't tell me the cash me outside girl wasn't completely staged and now it's turning her into a celebrity

So I'm a little upset. Out of all the things that could have killed him, this was it. Wtf. #waylonjennings… 

Who ever remastered this ,is a fucking genius      

Pit: Ohhh! Another industry veteran! Palutena: His most famous form is shaped like a pizza missing one slice.

Excerpt from Chapter 9 is up on  #amwriting #indiebooksblast 

IM LITERALLY 3 MINUTES INTO I FEEL LOST AND IM BAWLING GUYS MARK GENUINELY CARES ABOUT HIS SUBSCRIBERS SO DAMN MUCH

Texas Hippie Coalition - Pissed Off And Mad About It  #nowplaying #listenlive

White Dog found in Coventry (CV8) on 29th March 2017 #founddogs #foundpets  

it'll take me dAYS WEEKS YEARS tO get over the fact tht exo is in my country but my stupid ass ain't attending thei… 

BHI: Seasonal Canadian drilling dive pushed down global rig count in March: The average… 

Efe killed me with that dairy session.            "Everything I dey do na to die put"       #BBNaija

For a graphic statement that is as timeless as it is eye-catching, consider the stripe:  For a graphic statement t…

MarketWatch First Take: Netflix’s newest production should scare investors ( 

yooooooooo its not a prank either im fucking lit 

BRUSHING MY TEETH TURNED INTO A WORLDWIDE FULLY LISTED EVENT THANKS TO ALL OF YOU and YOUR ILLEGAL STALKING SURVEILLANCE "I HAVE TEETH" GOAWAY

Fuck you 2017! I've just been bereft of a mobile. It's Bowie and George all over again! 

I can actually make a "substantive" argument that there should be 11 Justices for 11 circuits 

#networkmarketing this simple system tripled my money on autopilot  

You may be not-so-secretly exploring a variety of strategies t... More for Aries 

Fucking love #ChrisPackham! “There’s no point bleating about the future of pandas, polar bears and tigers when... 

Everyone is going crazy over the show 13 reasons why but is not talking about how amazing the book is???

Wait someone fucking explain to me why I got carded at Panda Express. There's an age limit on orange chicken and ch… 

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

Today the church remembers John Donne, poet and priest Good Friday, 1613. Riding Westward BY JOHN DONNE Let... 

EXCLUSIVE: If Kejriwal can’t pay, I will fight his case for free, says Ram Jethmalani 

Out beyond the world of ideas of wrong doing and right doing, there is a field. I will meet you there.

Encouragement to keep at the "unpredictable, subjective, sometimes nonsensical, often wonderful world of publishing” 

Star Wars Celebration: 40 Years Panel to Include Hayden Christensen  <Touch me ;D 

. . . the fact is that kids learn to make good decisions by making decisions, not by following directions. ~ Alfie… 

Feel sorry for Blades who aren't here cos it's fucking buzzing 

nola​.com >> Saints planning to cut quarterback Luke McCown on Wednesday 

The full length mirror I have in my room just shook and fell crooked when NOTHING was near it. I hate ghosts why they gotta be like that

Oil India Limited Recruitment – Security Officer, Accounts Officer, Geologist and Various (08 Vacancies) – Last Date… 

You're not insignificant. Even if you don't realize it, you've made an impact on those around you. No one will forget you.

That lady was hanging from that building because her employer was going to kill her. And that man filmed it laughing, that's fucked up.

Your straightforward communication isn't nearly as clear as yo... More for Capricorn 

Top 10 BEST Crossovers and Handles of March 2017  #FireFan #Sport 

I like playing reverse Drunk Souls. Each time I hit a bonfire/beat a boss (boss bonfires don't count) I do a shot.

You guys shoot this little catfight(?) with Chachi's phone on her back pocket like.. really? no. lol   

Quantitive advantages relating to magneto eugenics it have need to statement!: hnOR 

Got the cute #hellokitty #lunchbox as a BD present from my fan back in 2012 since I was obsessed… 

Otterbein's production of Damn Yankees was so incredible I could've sworn it was all professionals, I recommend everyone go see it!!

Intel suggests terrorists got airport screening equipment:  - ABC News #Latest

The legendary Colin Chamberlain is back at Muddy Murphy's for another round of quizzing. He'll keep you... 

A Definitive Ranking of the ‘RHOBH’ Ladies Following the Season 7 Finale (PHOTOS) 

Terminal / Operations Managers at a Reputable Oil and Gas Company – Human Leadership Resources Limited 

Furniture Upcycling Weekend at House for an Art Lover, Glasgow South Side | What's On Glasgow… 

#thebenefitscap I'm sorry but I've been to hell n back as a single mom childcare, rent allsorts with 2 kids but I did it so it can be done!

Here's why having sex with an ex can feel so good, according to science.  

Big Brother 2017 will run for just THREE WEEKS under controversial plans being drawn up by Channel 5:  #BBUK #CBB

the white knights actually defending that video aswell im at a loss for words imagine staying in that disgusting team

When you text a person off Craigslist who is trying to sell their puppies just to send you pictures of the puppies just bc puppies

Creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p... More for Pisces 

They mad cause he Anit u pussy    ‍ 

Public sector gender pay gap reporting 'a start' in discriminatio #change #equity #future  

What a fucking endorsement. 

Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi are not listening to Rahm Emanuel's advise? They keep throwing 2 yr old's trantrums. 

It's always the filthy bitch that comes in the picture..   ‍

[Midtown] Muk (M) (IV: 44%) until 06:27:45AM at 120 W 28th St  

Maybe more to that God-awful throw than meets the eye. Or Waino is full of it. 

Easter is the worst fucking holiday ever And the candy fucking sucks EXCEPT the chocolate covered bunny marshmallows

Tell me why I just opened a ramen packet but there was no flavor packet. Just noodles and fucking the vegetable

But that's the reality of what our healthcare is like today. And the fact that republicans want to make it even worse while comparing it to

Kourtney Kardashian Displays Her Boobs As She Goes Braless In White Bodysuit 

Home project completed- fish aquarium. Bravo zhiyu and daddy! #feelaccomplished #possopreschool 

Trump’s Ex-NSA Did Not Disclose Income From Russian Companies – White House  

#dreams #railed pornstar #seville texas #carsforsale undressing -->  

If u want accurate information about this whole Trump/Russia scandal, u need 2 b following this man. He is brillian… 

1st day in #NewYork...Swip   Airplane ride, NYC, first thing you do in #NYC get pizza, and… 

President Trump just signed off on killing your Internet privacy protections  by #CNN via… 

Susan Rice says it's 'absolutely false' Obama officials unmasked names for political purposes 

I want to crush your fucking face under a bulldozer  

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

The only ones that felt European were the lazy and the criminal. Good on you. 

Tolentino kay Javier: Do you think being environmentalists is just limited to things we recycle? #Tagisan2017 #USTHalalan2017

then they said "but you don't like girls?" and I was so angry and just caught up that I was like "yes I do you assholes so what!!!" and now

STEVE "I live for myself and I answer to nobody." #MCQUEEN ........... TOWERING INFERNO 

Brian Williams waxes poetic abt US missiles. He is probably reminiscing abt the time he rode one in Iraq. Or was that IRAN? Afghanistan?

Might need to invest in a new pair of gloves for the end of season run in! Any recommendations/ suggestions???

idiot boy: how do you feel this morning? me: crappy. still in bed. idiot boy: take a picture for me ;) me: fuck off and die :')

Senate Intel Committee's probe on Russian interference in the U.S. election begins today.  

A dreamy snack! Anything with some marshmallows and chocolate hehe #foodporn #delicious #yummy      

How Do You Become A Better Visual Designer?  #design #ux #uxdesign #webdev 

Judge Jeanine: Clinton Foundation Is Biggest 501c3 Illegal Op  #corruption #hillary #clinton

Brutal toys in their nasty assholes 

BREAKING: 8 people detained in connection with #StPetersburgMetro bombing – official   — R…

Journalist fucked for a story 

czech couple fucking in the kitchen 

Talking about "don't knock my hustle" smh with her dirty ass 

It's 4 in the morning, I can't sleep because of jetlag, and now I'm missing France more than ever...   

Got to do some tailgating with these awesome folks from #RLEast as we got ready for… 

Bitch ain't a freak then that bitch is a boring bitch  ️ 

This adama kid for #Middlesbrough is fucking rapid #SWAMID

Tonight Emily Parks performed "Dog Days Are Over" accompanied by her friend Kayla on guitar. Way to go Emily! We... 

I absolutely hate when grown ass adults act like children

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

Stone Cold was my favorite but HBK vs Kurt match at Mania is my favorite match ever ... Kurt is top 6 DOA… 

#success #greatness #abundance "I should do this, I should do that..." Have you been should-ing all over yourself? 

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

People that play with others emotions are fucked up

secretaries getting fucked and masturbating 

An extraordinary work of raw skill and imagination... one of the best WW-II movies   — watching Enemy at the Gates

Watching the walking dead has made me realise that I'd have no problem abandoning whatever morals I have to save myself and those I care for

me fucking my fat pussy with a corncob 

It was the Emma and Dana show for a long time before she got injured. I don't blame her for being more aggressive. #wwe #raw

#Texas strapon #throat #instaphoto cunt fucking #gilf4fuck #cocktribute squirt facefuck 

Everything i drew today turned out ugly but das ok bc im learning and this is practice towards a better style and better skill!!!

If someone you know loves to read but can't get to book club meetings they might like this online book club for... 

[HomeandLife Style] Need to GSD? 5 Tactics to Help You Beat Procrastination >> 

When you get on twitter dot com after watching a really informative twelve (12!) minute video about #Syria 

I knew I should have taken the under, but still never expected such a sloppy and weirdly officiated game. #NationalChampionship

Coming up shortly is the News Review segment on the Morning Starr. Stay tuned. #MorningStarr 

Nasty shemale babe gets fucked 

have you ever experienced all your close friends are talking nonsense happily with this one guy buy you just cant cos smthg had happened

Anyone want to team up ffs? 30x30 or less   I also trade free follows   I have 200   I don't go first Liars blocked and reported tweet me 19

Indian state to forgive $5.6bn in loans to millions of farmers  

Age diversity is the new HR challenge. Supporting personnel managers with innovative educational resources to address new needs #staytuned

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

U.S. business seeks action, not trade war, in Xi-Trump summit  

Is it just me or is the April fools episode of iCarly FUCKED UP ????????

Equipment Engineer: AZ-Tempe, GENERAL PURPOSE OF JOB this is your opportunity to play a central role in…  #exhaust

Trump remains the center of attention, but he’s increasingly isolated politically 

This classic rock anthem is a tribute to the greatest day of the work week. Friday!!!! 

Syrian Gen Khalil Ibrahim was also murdered by Trump tomahawk missiles! He was guilty of fighting al-Qaeda and... 

ing anal Fucking builders Episode 

I need a trip out da country   roll up a blunt of the palm trees   this fuckin city is boring   I'm tryna hop outta foreign   

Oxford Street! #streetstyle #oxfordstreet #oxfordstreetstyle oxfordstreetw1 london troy_wise 5by5forever #london… 

my family watched my sister on the news today for lacrosse and my moms says "collin never made the news...well at least not for lacrosse"

I'm sick and tired of the victims being the bad guys and the fuckers burglarizing and breaking and entering being... 

THIS IS FUCKING TERRIFYING I HATE SPIDERS WITH A PASSION 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

When you take random stupid pictures till later in life when they become so special and dear to you bc things happened and u long 4 that time

Happy Saturday Ochre Earthians! Hope you are enjoying your weekend and just a reminder that daylight savings ends... 

Bartholomew County Indivisible meeting tonight, details in link. #ColumbusIN 

where's my basketball fans??? 0-4 in final 5 seconds. game on line. yet you miss BOTH rebounds???    

If the goal was to raise the character limit, that could have been accomplished without fucking up the UI.

how do people have the energy to do more than one thing in a day it takes about 20 minutes of activity for something in my body to hurt

You prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg... More for Libra 

Going out of town for a conference, need to pack, shower, hair, makeup...... instead more coffee in my kids batman cup #procrastination

House Crawl is all the way fucked up, get out here. 

#Angels lost toady but watching them play in Oakland was fun -- great fan base here, all were helpful and courteous t… 

Are you fucking kidding me ? 

I feel really sorry for the people in Magic Kingdom today. Hopefully they can carry on enjoying their holiday now that's over

Damn kids, Mousasi is gonna fight Weidman, and the wifey is away for the weekend... I'm fucking amped!

Forget #InterestRate hike; bank of #Canada getting ready to embrace negative rates 

Nigerians reacts to a birthday pictures of a 19 Yr old, they say the backside is not 19 (Photos/Reactions) 

I just realized the reason rappers and dance don't mix well is cause MC hammer ruined it for life!!!     ...doing the most!! 

idiot Trump does not know what stealth is -despite hiding his taxes  

#news #TheVoiceBrasil  Only A True Pop Culture Nerd Will Recognize 75% Of These Costumes 

Lawmakers quickly responded after learning the U.S. had launched airstrikes against the Syrian regime on Thursday… 

IM DYINGFKWKFLEOC WHAT THE FUCKING HELL OMG PEIOLR !????????? 

Wow this is the first time we've really seen Liv all episode...but hey girl, I'm feeling that burnt orange cape sit… 

Should be 1-1, what a fucking shambles from the linesman

IF YOU ARE GOING TO BE ON #DragRace LEARN HOW TO FUCKING SEW 

Your avi is of you shirtless and your likes are full of porn vids, you want to tell me not to speak about imam Ali… 

Relationships last longer because two people made a choice to keep it, fight for it, and work for it. #MAYWARDFlyHigh

  mattdaddairyo: “I don’t know about America, but in Australia, if you are next to a really good... 

Nova Scotia, Tale, on how away with the fairies really meant believing Folk Lore  

I’ve travelled all the way to romantic Venice! #SUPERSTARLIFE  

Indonesia police arrest five ahead of demonstration: TV One  

"you said i matter to you- it seemed like that for a while. but doesn't seem like it anymore, i guess." Temperamental Affair Ipe Tang, 17

Apple iPod touch 6th Generation Gold 16GB model A1574 - LOCKED  

hella confusing when someone doesn't answer ur messages but be watching your every fuckin move still like ignore me at full length u pansy

I wanna make it so the date of tomorrow can be any month and any day This wud be fucking sick random number generator

I have two birthday "parties" to go to today and all I'm hoping for is some cake from both these "parties"

Riding Into The Future! 2017 Kia Optima Hybrid EX  via  

I have a few spots open for this week! Book now before spots are gone! I'm now taking new… 

Increasing Defense Expenditure Worldwide Is Expected To Fuel Rapid Growth Of Armored Vehicle Market Till 2022:…… 

So i heard majek fashek was at a time performing "send down the rain" and then God sent down the rain. Even God appreciates good music.

Starting slushy rain/snow mix in what is surely Father Winter's very last blast. Drive safely Northeasterners especially Philly and NYC buds

US Senate Intelligence Committee rejects Trump’s former a ... Read more:  

I think all those fucking morons should be chorine bombed

This is so annoying and frustrating! MNET STOP PLAYING HARD TO GET! GIVE MY BOYS THEIR #1 ALREADY! 

Tirian came near, trembling...and the Lion kissed him and said, "Well done, last of the Kings of Narnia who stood firm at the darkest hour."

Just one day until Game Day. The weather is so so nice ! I can't wait for tomorrow    #POPBOTTLESCPT 

Angry cheated groom to be pays his revenge on his bride and gets anal fucked 

Horny GF gets pussy fingered and fucked 

NEVER GOOGLE WASP INSECT PORN REAL FUCK OFF HOURS on school

Is it safe to drink Fanta or Sprite in Nigeria? #food #safety #health  

#Football MLS: DC United-New York City FC BUUUUUT pour DC United ! 73. Minute : Nouveau score : 2:0.

I hope these people have a special welcome party in the gaol. Then u know what being assaulted means.    

How to run python on a Godaddy shared server with cpanel? #php #python #django  |… 

Sharethebus becomes  and raises $5M for event shuttle management  

The central teachings of traditional Christianity are that Jesus is the Son of God, the second person of the... 

I think my worst nightmare is bein in a barbers IG post. My hair not gettin fucked up for likes

"It is a socialist idea that making profits is a vice. I consider the real vice is making losses.” - Winston Churchill #WakeUpAmerica

＠null #Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Marseille, F for now (17h58m01s UT): 11°44'31.7'' #Libra (AC) / 13°59'04.3'' #… 

Mike Will came with the fucking bangers on Ransom 2  

do not compare yourself to Angelina Jolie. do not compare yourself to Ariana grande. do not compare urself to mila kunis. just don't

I'm moving tomorrow. But first today: a bunch of errands, working late, and packing. Send good vibes, because I'm really stressed!

Superdry Leading Leather Racer Jacket Idris Elba [RRP £450]  

2018 Porsche 911 GT2 RS Is Gunning For The Lamborghini Huracan Performante  

Derry police thank public for help in finding 31-year-old man missing since Saturday 

I'm so damn big I think I'm just going to skip that wedding this weekend.   hope my cousin understands. I'm hurtttttting

Atlanta Overpass Collapse and Fire Sparks Traffic Nightmare  

There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about. ― Oscar Wilde

Want to buy a new product or have any queries regarding the existing.. Just Dial +91-8880704466 and reach us from a… 

An Uncertain Future: New Entrants In The Food Delivery Space Decline As Existing Startups Struggle   #Opines on #IoT

Everyone hoppin on the Sprouse twins train and I'm just here like where were you when they were Mad Dog and Bird Dog?

#Ecuador #elections    95% votes counted, Moreno in the lead w/ 51.11 to 48.89% to opponent Lasso, country’s election commission reports.

Franco's fascist cunts!!! Fuck you.....apu atletico!!! 

5 years ago of today is the first day #dorachan started to be one of our family, and this pic… 

the year is 2017. aku's grasp chokes the planet. there are now only 3 video games -breath of the wild -night in the woods -neir autonoma

Retired #nvidia cards in our office...to be fair I'm still rocking a 660Ti in my machine!   #PC… 

Accident on George Washington Bridge eastbound at New York Side/Upper Level (Manhat 

I just said this when yo mom called me talking about her crazy ass sisters. 

Gary Oldman did Commissioner Gordon to perfection. J.K. Simmons has some plus size shoes to fill. No question. 

{Secure in his hold and his kiss like she had been welcomed home after days, she slid up against his body further a… 

There's a reason why FHA mortgages are the most recognized of the bunch. 2 analysts ...  

#USA Senate panel to vote on Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch: Republicans hope to confirm the…… 

Alexis Sanchez needs to remain at Arsenal, says Arsene Wenger  #soccer #sporthighlights

Thanking the lord for blessing me with another day of precious life! I'm grateful, humble, and positive! All smiles! Day by day!      

ATandT is really making my life impossible to switch to Verizon ... and they wonder why they losing business

=Boxing legend Floyd Mayweather buys his son Zion N11.8m exotic car for his 16th birthday (Photos) 

I hate thirsty crusty dumb ugly NIGGA DONT #shootyourshot if you a fuck boy, I will embarrass you. No funeral cost       

over 24hrs. blacked out repeatedly throughout my living room last night. i need a sandwich. i guess i'll shower b… 

When your company has fancy vinyl printers and a die cut machine you can decorate your office… 

Refresh yourself with our homemade #icedtea Choose from #Matcha and Honey, Hibiscus and Agave Nectar, Omija and Maple/Plu… 

Didn't know it took fifty fucking hours to order pizza  

 AOFLY Fashion Sunglasses Women Cat Eye Sunglasses Famous Lady ...  

itsallgay hunks fucking on jeep 

I'm still fucking giggling over "Thievin Stealberg"

Haha I would never allow this, but I still think it's a good point. Quality over quantity. #respectthyself… 

Steph Curry Does ‘carpool Karaoke’ With James Corden (pls RT↺) ️️  #stephcurryhighlights

He gave us "Anandamath" nd our National Song "Vandemataram"! remembering Shri Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay on his d… 

All my niggas wear crowns, all my niggas bossed up, all my niggas got bad bitches don't none of us give a fuck.

THIS IS SO CUTE AND SPRING LIKE OMG I LOVE IT I LOVE COUPLES ALSO YELLOW DKFNF 

a new war would be different with targets like Yellowstone Caldera, earthquake faults etc, 

In honor of the 45th Annual SWOSU Rodeo tonight, let me hit y'all with this throwback of sophomore me   ps I'll be… 

#FairMediaReportingForJaDine Jadines For JaDine The ugly duckling does not become a beautiful swan.

Soledad Barrio and Noche Flamenca's Antigona on 6th and 7th of April at NYUAD Arts Center. Get more on... 

Expressing his anger against such people, PM Modi said they had opened shops in name of gau raksha.  ShaktiShekhar

Got assigned to a group in my literature class and they all chose a fucking muppets song to analyze r u kidding

He always tell me get on my grown women shit and say fuck them other bitches and now it stuck with me idc about the next bitch

How to Pull Off Friends With Benefits the *Right* Way  

How you get mad at me cause I'm wit somebody else ain't nobody tell you to go be a hoe wen I was wit you

Why why why why why why!??? Tell me why when others cheat they get "it" BUT when i cheat i don't stand a fucking chance of getting "it"

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

Lukaku has told Everton that he will not sign a new contract, and he has set his heart on a return to Chelsea above all other potential move

#israeli teens fucked wwe beth nude 

Dear God, Help me to understand that difficult times can make me stronger in the end, even though it may not always be easy to see.

Wow, the sitting President of the United States calling the american news media fake news, that is awesome ! 

AlexSalmond: RT ScotNational: Tomorrow ScotNational As Spain says it would not veto indy Scotland joining EU we la… 

byucougars​.com >> W Soccer - Gomes, Flake and Bowen leading BYU to 6-1 spring 

It just took me three hours to watch a two hour movie I can't believe I'm getting worse at literally just sitting there and watching a movie

Maddie Rooney's yellow pads look good with the USA kit. Why do I love goalie pads that don't go with unis so much

Drug dealers? Did you see their clothes? Drug dealers wouldn't be caught dead in those polyester rags.#Data #TheGoonies

The client told us we needed to tell you to enter Carte Blanche. But they didn’t say in what language.… 

#Collectibles #Buzz COLORADO #Rockies MAJESTIC TEAM #Jersey SIZE 52 BRAND NEW CARLOS GONZALEZ… 

Team showed passion, ran out of steam near the end but a fair result when you realise we played a really strong opposition.

Chiye Glass Bead will Attend the Intertraffic China 2017 Exhibition Welcome to join us! 

I have no faith in fighters who trains at AKA anymore. Excluding Rockhold. Actually on 2nd thought.... including Rockhold.

People don't understand you unless they become you so stop telling me about me until you step in my fucking shoes  

STOP POSTING ALL THESE DELICIOUS FOODS, MYSTERIOUS DRINKS, SNACKS AND OTHER TASTY FOODS AND NOT TELLING US THE LOCATION #itstopstoday <EMOJI>️<EMOJI>️ 

Dealing with someone who expects you to not have feelings or emotions or even express yourself.... Definitely can ruin some shit

The idea that a healthy marriage means you can't have friends with women is "puritan-esque" to say the least. 

We bring you one-of-a-kind, International multi-day Game of Thrones tour of Iceland, N. Ireland, Malta and Croatia.… 

#Cabinetreshuffle 'Zuma's actions create dire loss of inst. knowledge, raise alarming concerns on scope of state capture' - Banking Ass.

In a few minutes I will head down to the Stadshus (city hall) for the monthly County Council meeting. :-D

May is gonna be Fire Emblem and Disgaea 5 complete which I'm super glad I decided to wait on getting that

Let's talk about all the ways #WIC helps mothers and young children #NWAPhilly17  

Today at big hat days, I bought pretty succulents and left them behind while signing up for free stuff. Good thing my glittle grabbed them  

I lost everything I prayed for...what that tell u? Everything you think you want ain't always good for you

and the worst thing is if i play dps in competitive, i'll get blamed for losing. i'm not that shit but the pressure is always on you

It's a week since April Fools Day and Jo is still in rage that 'Krispy Kreme' aren't renaming their UK shops to 'Kr… 

See thts how some of yal get "hoes" yal sell em a great dream  damn near like yal already w/each other ... All I can is be honest w/you

Your #puppy is chewing all your shoes and your furniture is covered in drool. Don’t panic. Here's a solution:… 

She teases and jokes with him until she gets ripped up and fucked in all he 

"If You Need A Reason To Smile Today, Look At This Mom's Instagram Dedicated To Her Identical Triplets 

Great, the bobcats are back and the front yard is full of young vloggers...In before lawsuit! 

this is fucking disgusting 

Found a Transponder Snail! A behind-the-scenes look at Galley-La Shipyard!  #TreCru 

Idk how to start this thread there are so many things I want to say but I'll just keep it short cause if I don't djhshsiaow lord

Concerned mother starts petition to ban images of children on dating sites - Harwich and Manningtree Standard … 

Barcelona and Ivan Rakitic showed Granada a 'lack of respect' - Alcaraz  

Jenson Button troubled by 'dangerous' pit incident in qualifying #Formula1…  

seventeen knows the ships dont they but I honestly didnt expect seokhan to step up their game to a whole another level

Marco Vasquez and his family have seen tragedy and despair throughout their lives at the hands of an evil entity.… 

Instead of accepting insurance for routine visits and drugs, these practices charge a monthly membership fee 

You want the ability to be free from other people's demands to... More for Aquarius 

Can July hurry up so I can pass my fucking test and not hassle every cunt for lifts  

IDIOT Mainstream Media Look Ridiculous Trying to Protect Susan Rice 

Someone needs to pull McManaman's head out of Man City's ass, the City gk unit couldn't catch a cold between them #CHEMCI

American International Group’s $AIG Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase and Co. 

Schultz sends a sac fly to center and Cabral crosses the plate to increase the Lightning lead to 2-0.

Tell Members of Congress: No More Tax Dollars for War in Syria.  

I am looking for a buyer on LOT 9 andamp; 24 #Webster #FL #realestate  

The way JDM looks and carries Negan and talks. His epic vulgarity. I'll miss it too much. BE CANON, TWD! Keep Negan alive! (he's toast :( )

Fucked all these niggas bitches. So their parties they dont invite me

AVENUE 18/20 NEW PURPLE FLORAL BUTTON COTTON LONG SLEEVE CARDIGAN SWEATER TOP #Avenue #Cardigan 

Don't ever hesitate on anything. The whole point of life is to do the most so why would you stop yourself from that

Flashback=> Rep. Nunes: Obama Officials Who Leaked General Flynn Transcripts Face Five Years in Prison (VIDEO) 

International Conference on Open and Innovative Education (ICOIE 2017)  

Minecraft Mini Figure Collector Case Toys Display Storage Box Kids Gift NEW  

bitches i don't talk to still get in my business. i swear i fucking hate this school

Almost Lunch time, Did you take your Skinny Fiber or Max ? Have you joined the challenge yet? It's never too... 

But the Mets have a cash gold mine on their hands. Look how every team used it, the Mets can capitalize as well

Man arrested after high-speed chase ending when car flips, hits tree and electrical box  

S O N O o ° .

"Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish."- Albert… 

#interfax #Headline #CNN EU demands #Brexit progress before trade talks  

A macro #economics trend that should influence #fintech #startup #innovation for sho' knowledge is power. 

#news at #lovescroll Ibrahimovic set to leave Manchester United  via dailypostngr… 

yall need to stop fuzzing about riverdale and get on the 13rw train bc bitch 13rw over riverdale any fucking time

With India, the IEA’s growing family now accounts for about 70% of the world’s total energy consumption 

fucking baitest thing, whenever I drink alcohol my arms go numb..... every time

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

Can't get over I'm seeing lil peep on Friday mad mad hell boiiii

'It's time for Dodgers baseball!' Opening Day at the Ravine  

You lot think I'm a fucking weirdo 

You have to be obedient when God speaks to you. We are blessed all the time. Bless someone else #PayItForward.... 

The holiday clothes are all sitting waiting to be packed. Fucking yes

WORD! fanfaronade (n): bragging; bravado; bluster. Manuscript prep; editing; formatting; publishing. 

I SPENT ALL THE SHOW SCREAMING AT BENJI AND THE BITCH KEPT IGNORING ME BUT AT THE END HE FINALLY LOOKED AT ME BC I SHOUTED NO REALLY LOUD

Gossip Wolf: Lumpen Radio station director Logan Bay suffers a catastrophic injury and needs your help 

She Has Done NOTHING To Even Deserve An "Official Portrait!" White House unveils official portrait of Melania Trump 

Descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today, even i... More for Gemini 

A shark washed up in the street after a cyclone in Australia  

You can arrive at a more accurate conclusion on your own than ... More for Taurus 

Never!!!.Mix...Biznezz...Wit Personal!!!.Like...Oil...and...Vinegar!!! Dey...Don't...Mix!!!.Like...Love!!! and...Hate!!!.Ok!!!.!!!

Give me my respect I fucked you bitch and got that neck

6 things 21ST CENTURY MAN CONSIDERED husband it MATERIAL, but women do not know - 

Relative Home Assessment Services Supervisor - Pomona , CA 91768, US #jobs #Pomona pls RT 

Mindful Meal leave a review and share your thoughts! #Food #Meals  

The real story of #PowerRangers is how a creepy "juice bar" owner hangs out with teens all day without any other adults present.

POTUS Trump Slams the Failing New York Times: Coverage is Worse Since the Election 

Debo Speaks on QB Black Diamond and T-Rex Status with Queen Of The Ring on PMG Radio: 

Lmfao blocked for no reason. You fucking suck too, asshole.

Just completed a 3.08 mi run - Hubby and I out for a nice evening run  #Runkeeper

Blackburn and Wigan really headed to League One   but look at QPR and Birmingham City 

More linework progress. How's it looking so far? #artnouveau #alphonsemuchainspired #artist… 

Confession: an IndieCade nomination feels really really really really really enjoy his restaurant guides #EVO2K15

The bitch driving this hybrid was annoying tf out of me

Lyft made these goofy wearables as a prank but they're actually kind of cool 

The Biafra Post: BIAFRA: NOW THAT THE ELDERS, WOMEN, MEN AND YOUTHS OF BIAFRA ARE STANDING WITH NANMDI KANU, WHO... 

The #LoveRanRed on Easter Friday. Easter is actually this weekend not next. #HolyCrux 

Pov Footjob Fetish And Shaved Pussy Fucking 

Looks like varane is out for the cl match. Acl injury to ramos and a vidal 2 footed tackle on ronaldo would be perfect.

Lesbians suck cock and also get fucked 

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

Please take a moment to go through this thread. Debunking some of the misconceptions regarding Islam and terrorism. 

*Out of County Mutual Aid* Montgomery County: Douglass Twp: 1441 Mensch Lane- SF Reported to be a washer fire M06

Two piles of shit aruging on who smells the worst. #describepoliticsbadly

"Astounding" Dark Fruits keeps Heineken's Strongbow draught cider in growth - figures  

Fuckin nasty     baby work 

Liverpool's Sadio Mane injured in Merseyside derby vs. Everton.. Related Articles: 

What is an "answer" to a debate? I thought debate answers were your own response to posited questions. #idiot 

Are you a bartender hoping to hone your craft or an at-home cocktail enthusiast looking to learn more? Tuesday 4/18… 

Ash Carter urges more U.S. sanctions on Russia after apparent chemical attack in Syria - CBS News this we not need   

Hey #LDNOverground! The 05:59 from Clapham Junction to Dalston Junction is cancelled! #AllChange #DelayRepay #RailRefunds

They did this again today during their soundcheck acoustically and it fucked me up

I was told i was dangerous and i asked why? and their response was "Because you don't need anyone." I smiled.

Stunning Jenna this morning off to a wedding   we set up our little make-up station in her garden and lapped up... 

We thank God for our partners, coworkers, and ministry in India, working to reach the lost of this beautifully dive… 

They didn't insult me, not even when d tweet that led Your Team to insult me yesterday was against their fave. So h… 

Watch Khmer porn Khmer girl fucking man - 

going by rakan's lines to zed "i remember your trespass" "you're a shadow without a flame" "you visited us" im guessing zed fucked his wife

Blows my fucking mind that people want to wake up and just be pissed off at the world

Don't forget minicombz tonight at Eldorado Community Center. Forecast is for a good turnout chili and chili dogs probable.

Watch it:  Eva Lovia Fucked At The Hotel...  Add me on snapchat: SexyAddison95   

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

Emergency services responded to a fire on Simmie Rd in #Echuca Village today - 

Network limits on solar, storage could accelerate “death spiral” - RenewEconomy  #offgridsolar #solar

Making changes that endure isn't always as straightforward as ... More for Gemini 

I can't even read or listen to anything without analyzing it with a marxist or feminism lens. Gives so much more meaning to texts #ashtm

G. K. Chesterton THE INNOCENCE OF FATHER BROWN Franklin Library 1st Edition 1st  #Chesterton

Y'all go listen to this bad ass song   

Deputy Director of Apa Canal Chisinau, Vladimir Mocreac DETAINED by prosecutors... - 

Checking out Lake Elingamite, a big maar volcano in western Victoria, for an upcoming trip this weekend! #science… 

Robbie Savage's best 5 a side team of players he has played with is the worst I've seen. Friedel, Samba, Tugay, Dugarry and Bellamy.

Weekly Report back to /r/anarchism from /r/metanarchism [2017-04-06] [YYYY-MM-DD] 

Mighty Morphin Power Rangers Legacy Collection Complete Set Build A Megazord  

This was my favorite color to use as a kid to make the sun... drawings of the sun will never be… 

The pressure may be subtle but it can be overwhelming. It is quite likely the reason why social media seems... 

Spotify is fucking with me 

Also There is an Entire Section of the Menu Dedicated to Playboy's, Guess This Game Still Uses the Old Collectables from 2

New Challenges For Identifying Major Elements For Investment Property Loan Deposit  

Highlight of my train journey to London was a cat just chilling on a table with this couple   not in a carrier or lead or anything  

If I weren't going to the gym tonight I'd call it a fucking day.

Colgate had difficulty marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries, where "Colgate" roughly translates to "Go hang yourself."

Wind 2 km/h E. Barometer 1014,4 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 14,3 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 84%

Nothing you’ve ever given has gone unnoticed. Every sacrifice you’ve made, every time you stopped to help someone, God saw that.

These politicians like Cruz and John Kasich has just stated that Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders.

This guy called his opponent a cuckservative, that's good enough for me. If he makes a helicopter joke, I'll donate 

What a great day Terry Hill and David Willis Crashed WW2 Spitfire's first flight since 1944... 

National fucking champs!!!! 

I will be starting a gofundme and all of the donations will be going towards a nose job for getting my nose to look… 

A-FREAKIN'-MEN! It's going to take some time to undo all this bullshit and #MAGA        

 __  __  Twinks fucking outdoor wheen people are watching part 1 

Jidenna Hints At Collaborations With Top Nigerian Artistes  

I suggest that in honor of this, we all commit to drawing broad public attention to donald trump's sexual assault c… 

update: 18 years, 2 months and 4 days and I haven't been inside an airplane since last year 

Witness account highlights dangers of texting while driving.. Related Articles: 

I hate clingy ass people. Don't text me 100 times, don't be all over me, just no.

#bookreview of Never Again #romance in the Swiss Alps Fun characters and a story that will stay with you… 

PreSales Specialist Risk Management: SAS Canada (Toronto) "The role implies a seasoned "hands-on"…  #ontario #jobs

Congratulations to William Schmidt for making Senior 1st team All State Academic!!   = SME Lancer Wrestling 

I was rolling like this fucking fool 

Today's Soups: Turkey Chili, New England Clam Chowder, Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya, Tomato Eggplant, Curried Chicken Chowder...

"UPDF flag off new contingent to Somalia, story in The New Vision  

DPS Bikaner is all ready to welcome parents of the students from classes 6th to 12th for it's annual PTM

Nasty slutty brunette lesbians making 

Every time I get asked that question it fucked everything up     

Savage mode from now on Niggas got me fucked up   

Trump said he'd stop dragging us into war. That's yet another fat lie | Medea Benjamin 

I could smell the liquor , I feel fucking disgusting  

YES!!! JOAN IS SOOO FUCKING AWESOME!!!    

In the process of getting my friend hooked I noticed: Brooklyn nine-nine has high rewatch value 

when you trusted them and' they ended up fucking you over both  

Quality of this photo isn't great but we know how to have fun in Sevenoaks - we definitely need to resurrect this w… 

When We Were Young This Was A Mobile Phone  #mobile #phone #classic #history 

Real Madrid - Alaves LIVE score and goal updates as Karim Benzema Isco and Nacho  

PERSONALLY I AM ON PLAN 'X' ALREADY. DON'T WORRY I CAN'T WAIT FOR PLAN AA.  

hey Lastdaydeaf, you may want to check  for latest updates on #Glastonbury   

When you take bananas for lunch and don't eat them and they end up all fucked and bruised and now you've ruined their life for no reason.  

Allie Haze fucking a legend porn HD 

Madison Bumgarner Becomes 1st Pitcher to Hit 2 Home Runs on Opening Day  

Ballard Inks $11M Deal With Broad-Ocean For 200 Fuel Cell Engines in China Market 

" I didn't know what I was doing in the kitchen the other day so my friend makonnen came in and taught me how to whip it "

This weather crazy so are niggas 

For those of y'all who don't have me on Snapchat...I ain't lying     Ya boi got skills   

"(FOR) that which is born of the flesh is flesh (AND) flesh and blood (OR ANY RELIGIOUS WORK OF THE CARNAL FLESH RELIGION OF SATAN INCLUDED)

me, every game of overwatch: i am so sick of the god damned shitmada bros

#_____গরম_চলে_আসচে ...   Break up With কম্বলandবউ   In a relationship With এসিand ফ্যান #hot_মুগ্ধ

Couple fucking in hotel window across from downtown office building 

My room is: CO2: 398ppm Pressure: 1009.02hPa Temperature: 20.32°C Humidity: 47.69% Luminosity: 0Lux 2017/04/01-18:37:25

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

im fucking over today and practically over tomorrow. someone wake me up when it's sunday.

Wikileaks' Assange asylum winner in Ecuador election  

Bruce Timm is a fucking idiot at this point. Like what we not about to do is turn Harley into a got damned rapist 

#innovatefood #labsatlightcity #baltimore #blackchurchfoodsecuritynetwork rev. Dr. Heber Brown 

This movie fences has me all sorts of fucked up rn

I don’t mind telling all the guys I can’t meet ‘em. Hell, we can all go raise some hell on any other night.

MP's resign after being fired as Minister, it's all about their pensions which they might forfeit. I see people are reading too much into it

College babes get fucked in their dorm in reality gruopsex 

1. Im way to fucking needy like your world should revolve around me bc i should be your world

I think I fucking pulled something at soccer practice

Imagine if Corbyn came up with a good policy idea at the precise moment no-one was in the mood to agree with him. Imagine.

Great message at Parliament Square. #RIP #WestminsterAttack  

Funeral called off after ‘dead man’ was spotted drinking in bar  

Some Lesser Known Machine Learning Libraries :  Comments: 

all women and let them go at it... he would be so fucked up 

— it's all about living my dream. The past was about getting here, the present is about fulfilling that dream I had at such a young age. —

More evidence that #Hillary #Clinton broke the law by mishandling classified info. Time for... 

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

Joe sits on his fucking phone all day like what's the point of having a boyfriend if he just sits there completely… 

Soooooo Rosemary has me sort of wanting a colonic   I WANNA FEEL ALL SQUEAKY CLEAN and EMPTY!   Have you ever had it… 

Global Bovine Respiratory Disease Treatment to Grow at a CAGR Of 8.11% During The Period 2017-2021 

#BBW,#BigTits,#chubby,#teen,#Mature,#Freeporn,#BBW,#: Frightening Ugly Slut Sussana Is Getting Finger Fucked 

#Valentine #Gift HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLUSH GRAY #TeddyBear STUFFED ANIMAL YELLOW FLEECE SHIRT~10016044… 

Still a bit weak on her right side, and vocally frustrated by it...but hanging in there for now ^^ 

We're #hiring! Read about our latest #job opening here: Host / Hostess - Clovis -  

#donuts in the office now!! Stop by for a treat while supplies last. #flashevents are the best! #elementliving… 

who said ariana her makeup is always fucked up?    I don't see it   

Are you aware of Top Entertainment Pakistani TV Channels ? #JadooTV #TopEntertainmentChannels #Pakistanichannels 

We need the 3 points ooo. Malaga can be funny dou. But if we don't get the full points. It's over 

husband watches his wife get fucked doggystyle 

Tricky balance, letting fear drive you to overcome obstacles without letting it push you to panic and do something stupid. #lifelessons

Farewell to the Monkey Wrench Thank you Dennie Humphrey for all of the great memories at #wrench 

Since 2001, the number of people who have abused heroin has approximately tripled...  by… 

Coming home after a 3hr test to bbq ribs and Potato salad and beating the rain 

Alia Bhatt takes off on a much-needed vacation to London – check out pics from her trip  

This would be like Ben Affleck blaming Christian Bale for his poor performance as Batman. #SeanSpicer #TrumpFail 

Our fabrication facility has multiple overhead crane lifting capabilities up to 30 tonnes (SWL) #sheffieldissuper #barnsleyisbrill #steel

i am indeed a grandma because i like giving little handmade gifts, i'm starting to forget things too easily and my back hurts too much now

DHS: No immunity from deportation for crime victims or witnesses  

16 Comics That Socially Nervous People Understand...Hmm quite a few of these are very familiar. 

It's been a month and I still have people ask why we broke up. Honestly, I don't know. As time goes on, the reason becomes less important.

ion need mfs in my life no more i've already taken awful lotta bullshit

When you want to write your Instagram "serial novel" for the #writeastorychallenge instead of your WIP. #amwriting… 

On the day in 1967 Wilt Chamberlain, playing for the Philadelphia 76ers, grabbed an NBA Playoff record 41... 

Beneath the Remains by Sepultura (CD, Jun-1989, Roadrunner Records)  

  "I love you babbyyy and if it's quite alright I need you baby to warm the lonely nights I love you baby trust in me when I sayyyy"   

Every time I was informed Maxamec Trust was now ready to be released back to me from Kari as messenger he also informed enemy who stopped it

 Do watch d above link. It's my 1st video, if you like the concept, do like the video and do comment.

Mr #Trump will be loving today. As it is the one day of the year when #FakeNews is acceptable. #aprilfools

1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. Thank you 

Hawt fucking einem engen anal Lucke 

Plz someone inform to #MukhtarAbbasNaqvi about this #gaurakshakterror coz he said that he don't know about it… 

Highlight of my week: being forced by an 11 year old to dance to Rihanna with a broom stick and a foam sword (hurry up weekend)

You can chase the shadows if you want to. But all you'll do, is make them longer. 

Exploring Medical Language : A Student-Directed Approach by Myrna LaFleur Brook…  

NFL Free Agency: Jets sign TE Brian Parker for 2nd stint with team since September; 1 career catch, 6 yards in 2 s… 

Want to feel mentally #healthy? Enhance your productivity with these tips! #Wellness 

Losing the will to live half way thru a day of clinical neurology lectures. Pretty please with a cherry on top can someone come and kidnap me?

Roy Hodgson teams up with Manchester City sister club Melbourne City  

exols honestly pulling that innocent shit? Naaa, I'm sorry satan, not today! Not ever! 

Hey #Sweden how you liking those immigrants now? #Stockholm Wonder how many will say it's not radical islamic terro… 

I'm torn between to rights. Every bone in my body is screaming be quiet and patient and if it's supposed to happen it will. Listen to urself

Bioresources: submit your poster abstract by 10 Apr and join James Clark etc. at our Faraday Discussion in London… 

End of #US superpower status; is that why #China and #Russia are on a #Gold buying spree 

Ergonomic Height Adjustable Standing Desk Sit / Stand Elevating Desktop Riser  

i fucking hate my life and i hope someone murders me goodnight

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Bad bitch with me got thunder thighs and her mother's eyes 

good morning ! i haven't slept yet and i'm still drunk bc i never stopped drinking . today is a good day !

Divine farewell administered by Phoenix Fucking Marie 

Rob Wilson MP: Stop Abortion Centre BPAS Forcing Govt to Cut Practical Support for Mothers with Unplanned Pregnancy

Compensation Consultant - Tulsa, OK, , USA #jobs #Tulsa pls RT: Req ID:26524 Areas of… 

Trump signing into orders making it illegal to be gay. Not in my America. You are not born gay. You're not going to… 

You are a force to be reckoned with wherever you go now, and ... More for Aries 

Little girl shuts down a salesperson who asks her to choose a different doll  #Enews24ghanta 

close up pussies getting fucked trailers 

People didn't expect this proposal would get another chance in the Trump era. 

Jennifer geniet getting fucked door een harde A Cock 

Forget unfollowers, I believe in growing. 7 new followers in the last day! Stats via 

Somebody, Push me on a dick, please ! Push,don't be shy  

I'm clearly tweeting that I like to be left alone and someone is in my mentions saying what I don't get

The media trawl sites and print under the name of public interest. They also lie and stir up community unrest.

I am so fucking horny, do you wanna see me to cum on webcam?  #camgirls #livecam #boobs 

RealAsianExposed – Oriental cock-teaser gets the fucking she deserves >>  << 

‘Go to hell!’ Famous designer behind Melania’s WH portrait stands up to the haters in a big way 

If Cat's in the Cradle were written today, the parent would physically be there but would always be looking at their phone.

Bitch exposes her zeppelins to get fucked 

✫Total pain is complsry at d time of death,perceptn is lost wen d angel of death touches d artry of a dying... 

The first self-driving car will debut in three years, but will you want to buy one? #automateddriving 

#GlobalNews: “Global News adds more depth to its political reporting – National”  

Finger Lake friends and businesses, I'm going to be the June 30 - July 5. What's going on July 4th weekend? Events, fireworks, wine.....Help!

Welbourn Forge is open for their monthly demonstration day today until 1pm.  #LincsConnect… 

You can make this house your home! Ask us for more info. #realestate  

Busty shemale Julieta de Roberto getting fucked anally 

Yeah this fucking job got me stressed rn to the max

Poor monkeys just like your goddesses that don't steady u call amd u manufacturing made them just Females

We were getting pelters for not signing Ashley Williams but he is fucking trash.

Michelle Obama Is Finally Rockin' Her Natural Hair — and the Internet Is Loving It!  #medical #healthcare #health #…

Kamal’s 60Cr Loss From 100 Cr Collections?: The controversies created by Kamal Haasan’s… 

I think I just got stung in the ass by a bee. I feel bad for the person who has to help me find out.

Remember when Spain was just a place we could go on holiday? These fascists are literally fucking people's lives up with divide and conquer

I don't care if we haven't spoken in a while if you text me because you need advice or a friend to talk to I'm here

A power full video highlighting the dangers of not using certified Electricians  

why haven't they taken twitter from you, you fucking illiterate orange 

You're known for your resilience, and you're apt to put it to ... More for Capricorn 

Theyre so awkward awwwww it's been a year damn omg 

Telltale Gaming has such a good track record for their games so far. We haven't been let down.… 

Dont fucking come and whisper stuff in my ear or call me a muza. Go fys

Somebody asked what my high school colors were the other day and I straight up told them "Bricks." You know, the color of the buILDING

London’s Westminster Devout Muslim Terrorist Received Government Welfare Before Engaging In His ... 

#SanFranciscoGiants #WeAreSF #Tumblr jordunne: chicagoblackcubs: jordunne: chicagoblackcubs: GET FUCKED CARDS!..  #…

Park Hyun shik dating rumor,JaDine issues plus fucked up internet wala na bad trip talaga 

HEY GUYS we're gonna host a Rick and Morty re-watch Skype Call. Message me to be added to the group! 2-3 episodes a night, 10PM EST

And I thought Pepsi had topped the scale jesus fucking christ 

Weather at 8:40 PM Temp 61.5 Humidity 75 Wind 1.7 Direction SE Barometer 29.755 Daily Rain 0.00 Month Rain 0.220 Year Rain 15.587

"If a man neglects education, he walks lame to the end of his life." Plato #quote 

No matter how rough it gets, know that you’ve got the right stuff to handle it and work out each problem. #BayoNuggets

Macy’s The Great Shoe Sale Weekly Ad March 27 – April 16, 2017 #Macys #Fashion  

Another reason this bull #StockMarket is set to soar a lot higher than most expect 

people: omg u waited so long to find a dress u know prom is next week!!you're not gonna find one in such a short ti… 

Steve Bell on Easter and Theresa May's trip to Saudi Arabia – cartoon  ^GuardianCartoon 

"Wya" "I'm not tellin you" "Well Wyd?" "Giving a homeless man a dollar" "Oh yeah you're on college"   

Somethings are just fucked up you don't need to be told that's it's fucked up like rape or torture

that shit that falls off of palm trees always scares the shit out of me like damn it's crazy out here in florida

FDNY ENGINE 284 AND FDNY SATELLITE 3 TAKING UP FROM A 2ND ALARM FIRE AT A OLD HANGER INSIDE FLOYD BENNETT... 

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

It was a big walk-in closet. When the owner came in he and my ex-friend started talking about what guy they'd like if they were homosexual.

Ordinary citizens have already suffered unecessary retrenchment, now it's going to escalate. #junkstatus

Spotifycares: sighseasons 1: Thanks for confirming. Just to check, did you definitely watch the video ad that grants you 30 minutes ad-free…

Can Moto G5 beat Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 and LeEco Le 2 in Indian market? - International Business Times, India Edi... 

#Facebook Said to be Testing a Second News Feed  #pctechmagazine 

We are witnessing a growing industry that profits by exploiting hail storm victims and the legal system.  #txlege

Dear Manhattan women on my morning commute from Brooklyn today, please remember your inside voice next time: 

[Xbox] [H] BMD's, Painted Exotics, Xenosplash and More [W] Offers I Can't Refuse, Turbo Crates via /r/RocketLeague…… 

Hot! 1PCS turquoise Jewelry DIY Silver Plated Alloy and Pendant Findings DD+101  

Misplaced in time… can she find her way home? A Home for Helena #Regency #timetravel #99¢  

Dennis Rodman Went On A Profanity-Filled Rant About Michael Jordan Being Tougher Than LeBron James  #SmartNews

Arabian women fucking her customer 

Mother to carry terminally ill baby to full term to donate organs #Funding #Startup #Funds  

The man lives in his own alternative reality . That means fake . Not-reality. He's an idiot . Yep . 45 is an idiot . 

And the storms are rolling in... Another bumpy night ahead #thistlehillranch #ranch #farm… 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

LIVE Now: Prof. Daya Kishan Thussu addressing Indian Information Service Officers on Communicating India's… 

she was screaming for help and nobody helped her . People fucked her up she couldn't take it anymore . 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

The doodle 4 google image winner on the google homepage is a reality that will never come to life. 

Buhari To Abandon Nigerians For London Hospital In 2 Weeks, Writes NASS, As Osinbajo Takes Over Aso Rock 

#juicy booty sex teens fucked in ass 

Im the bachelorette and I'm rappin to ya poolside here to find true love 1 man for my whole life ones got a weasel and the others got a flag

im so fucking hungry rn.... i have nothing to eeeaaatttt!!!

Horny babes fucking the carpenter 

Lace Everton Football Team Bridal Wedding Garter.  #evertonfootball #footballteamgarters 

It don't take a gun to show That I ain't fucking with y'all

GSA Capital Partners LLP Purchases 4,442 Shares of McCormick and Company, Incorporated (MKC) 

I won a game by 106 point at Los Angeles stage. Let’s play together![ #Bowling_King

Realized that the LA has won only one playoff game and missed twice since Voynov's domestic abuse incident. That fucker really fucked up

('11) Trump to China: "Listen you motherfuckers, we're going to tax you 25%" 

[Orchard] Feraligatr (M) (IV: 6%) until 04:13:27PM at 90 Cuscaden Rd  

#Trump FL trips cost est. $80 mill a yr Wants Save money cut Food Stamps budget $45 mill #resist audit the Pentagon strop FL trips

I thought this too..... not gonna fucking lie. Google is the nicest friend I have 

Comlex simplicity Excrutiating extacy Boo hu hu Roses red, Violet's Blu, Utmost Regards from u Already        

Wind 3.5 kts S. Barometer 1022.25 hPa, Falling. Temperature 13.2 °C. Rain today 11.1 mm. Humidity 78%

Hrithik Roshan dancing to 'Lagawelu Jab Lipastic' is the funniest thing you will WATCH today! 

Reading my Timehop some days just reminds me how much I would love to go back in time for even just one day   

"I don't like how things ended between us. I gave you everything and you fucked up. I hope you miss me" - me to little Caesars

#MLB Wire: Brinson day to day with dislocated finger  

#shamrockshuffle this morning lil chilly and I haven't ran in give or take 4 years #wishmeluck #itsforthecause

1 in 33 American men have been the victims of an attempted or completed rape in their lifetime, according to the CDC.

What's a really good movie which was forced to be a fail by the critics ? #QandA #REDDIT #ASKREDDIT #QUESTIONS 

I have just watched the latest episode of The Blacklist: Redemption. I wonder what happens with Tom Keen next time. #BlacklistRedemption

Diplomat slams Western media for rushing to accuse Damascus of using chemical weapons 

Duke of Edinburgh presents Kylie Minogue with Britain-Australia prize  

shoutout to my wonderful chapter advisor. Mrs. Pamela Ray. Our success would not be a reality without you. Love you… 

Legit just played Diablo for 19 fucking hours what even is my life dude

lel, I have a dentist appointment in a bit even tho it was supposed to be yesterday but it got changed

Why do bitches hate so much tho ? What's wrong with congratulating Nd Giving People Props Sometimes .? 

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

Plea made by driver with no license who killed motorcyclist in SE. Minn. while drunk 

y'all i'm obsessed with this fanfic and i'm almost caught up and now i'm sad.   

Found over $134.79 in potential profit from Walmart/Patio and Garden to sell on Amazon!  #OA

Priyanka Chopra and DMX collaborated on a song. I didn't know this was missing in my my life until now. #Meltdown

Or at least use it as a sort of metaphor. Anyways. I thought it was a good shirt to wear since ppl were suggesting 'red instead'.

it's a wild ride when clare and I get chance to speak more lajdkals a lot of CRYING and maybe a little spat over her questionable taste.

I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it: Graphene-based sieve turns seawater into drinking water - 

Now given the fact that the interweb, twitter, chats, streams, you tube etc ruined my life you'd think I'd stay off it hmm ah well

You are the one who teaches other people how to treat you. What do you teach? - Chalene Johnson #quote

Found a Transponder Snail! Who made the escape from Impel Down a success?  #TreCru 

1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day. Thank you 

Don't know whether to wait and watch all new series straight or just watch them every week    #PrisonBreak

Michelle Branch’s Dreamy New Song Is A Breakup Waiting To Happen  

#liberals aren't worth listening to. #PresidentTrump stood up for those that could not defend themselves. #Syria 

#Investing the stock market can be fun and profitable provided you don’t act like a jackass 

#Detroit MI #USA - Supply Chain Coordinator - Supply Chain Coordinator Fantapak an Inteplast Group Co...  #WORK #JOB

Neobanks for overbanked (Monzo) and unbanked (Timo) just raised new rounds #fintech #Neobanks #unbanked #neobank 

Those waves are getting awfully close to Lake Shore Dr! #OakStreetCurve #TooCloseForComfort 

we had teens fill out surveys asking what kinds of SRC prizes they want and I got mad bc I thought one kid wrote "ASS" but it was "25$"

NYC's Finest Public Restrooms Are Getting Even Finer  

The level of hypocrisy is fucking exponential!!   

I showed him a picture of 21 savage and he said "yeah he looked like that". I think my dad just met 21 savage.

Now your asses are going to jail police avid FBI management for corrupting your police precincts and FBI offices USA government destroyed!

Yeah im emo who fucking cares 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

  if she's tall?  you can't trust her  Tall gals are cheating with guys in 2018   #Don't_argue_with_me

Limitless Pill - Brain-Enhancing Drug Sweeping Sillicon Valley. Effects Are Incredible -  

“Each thing you add to your story is a drop of paint falling into clear water; it spreads through and colors everythi… 

BMW 5 Series vs Mercedes E-Class ROLLING RACE - which 2.0-litre diesel is the quickest? | Mat Vlogs 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

We have to stop Putin from invading Korea. Can't let the commies get it -Maxine Waters wisdom 

Your girl is hoe , you need to let go she fucked all bros

When the electricity is off I'm get fucking crazy. my battery is 15  u monsters

So hard to find the right replacement for Alves, no matter who we buy, it will never match the standard of what Alves brought when he came.

I want twin boyfriends so when one fuck up I don't feel bad about cheating

"Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving, and make a joyful noise unto him with psalms." ~Psalms 95:2 #Bible

Report of Investigation Concerning Allegations of Connections Between CIA and The Contras in Cocaine Trafficking... 

i've never struggled so bad in my life to do a fucking essay omg ugh

I hate working sundays but fuck it let's get this money   

Scots 0 Brits 0 [Top 2nd] [0 Out] [0 balls] [0 strikes] ... No one on [P: #15 Zach Maresh] [B: #1 Jaret Koin]

Senior DevOps Engineer Contract - Cirencester - ISL Recruitment #manufacturing 

15 Hilarious Posters That Accurately Portray Birthday Expectations As A Kid Vs As An Adult 

having a dick and tucking it into a skirt after growing tits is a mental illness 

When Trump's spokesman will say anything to avoid having to give an on-record answer. 

My boyfriend annoying ass always want somebody to cook for him  

The Liberty Bridge in Budapest crosses the Danube River to connect the west side of the city, Buda, to the east sid… 

this is the worst fucking thing I've seen all day 

Bitches be miserable asf just to say they got a nigga , it's not that serious sus   ‍

if you know me you should know i don't do well with little kids, but this little field hockey player is an exceptio… 

#WashingtonNationals #GoNationals #Nats Rain is threatening the Nationals-Marlins series finale 

don't go off trail, don't pick the flowers, and DON'T FUCKING JUMP THE FENCE AND VAPE i am still mad 

I'm so sick of getting ignored for that fucking game

Lularoe Amelia Dress Medium Pink Black White Tie Dye Splattered! MAJOR UNICORN!  

I dont fucking want to do anything but sleep and watch tv

$TGT $WMT $AMZN: Jim Cramer Advises His Viewers On IDEXX Laboratories And Target: 

I have 175 new followers from Syria, Lebanon, Turkey, and more last week. See  

#Tattooed Slut Moans While Gag Fucked 

Incitec Pivot is recruiting for: Category Manager - Site Services - Gibson Island - 

How Digital Marketers Can Balance Family and Career  by Jay Feitlinger 

Wow, this was 2013 and this storm damage was absolutely the last straw for trying to salvage the... 

#feminists disagree, for a generation that grew up with the whisper song, get low, Buble butt and bitches aint shit... We've come along way

the drawings are so nice too! it was a nice one really and prince schwan is so cute 

ATTN: Fox News Ladies. You're talking to Bill O'Reilly in the wrong way. You should say, "Bill, get your hands of… 

Fucking my sissy school girl ass doggy style with a dildo 

#repealthe8th and #soros think they can buy Irish voters  

#MotorSport Fingers crossed for some on track action tomorrow! #ChineseGPpic.twitter.com/lcKK1kOofs… 

I don't know what stresses me out more. The fact that I have a whole paper to write this weekend or that Bob's Burg… 

Hate that you think so lightly of yourself. Hate that you don't realize you're killing all these other ho's.

Pistons' 'awful' 4th-quarter defense leads to collapse in 105-102 loss #Pistons  

Why say you love me, cry for me, flirt with me if you're just gonna play other girls at the same time?

#Sports LOOK: Jason Witten says goodbye to former quarterback Tony Romo in touching letter -…… 

System deployments went until 5.30 AM due to some complications. Had to get up at 7.30 to take kid to Daham school. Now sleepy AF.

Happy April Fool's day! Last night we mixed up all the cereal packets from the bottom. Then… 

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

they stole it from water and water is life and stealing life is murder. #thenextstepinconservativelogic 

Dirty dancing leads to fucking 

As I'm calling her I see this woman A BLOCK AWAY from the bus stop walking towards me with an umbrella. I'm just like wtf.

Can't believe I just let a stranger interview me HoNY style under the condition they also do a photoshoot on my phone of me crying outside.

Now this idiot is blaming kejriwal without proof and earning people's money from BJP SM team. #AAPKaNuksaan 

send me your location, let's focus on communicating cause I just need the time and place to come through

Annual Space Symposium Kicks Off in Colorado Monday #worldnews #actu  

United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights Summary: Youth For Human Rights Video  #DGMCBMM_CI

Bomb a place close to Russia, turkey , china and Europe. Sounds like a plan. Better than our borders. 

(this is actually a candid photo, my attempt to deliberately pose like the painting looked really awful)

'69 Skipper Mullins kicks Ron Marchini at the US National Team Championship. #throwback  

How is a hoe gonna put as her bio family is everything?   your baby dads don't even want anything to do with you! Baha

superhero comics are basically simple. Serial storytelling makes them complex. But even complex, they remain simple in concept

Meet the Cast of Raven's Home, Disney Channel's That's So Raven Spinoff  

Ferrera Gomez Fucked By Two Guys 

In the last 10 mins, there were arb opps spanning 8 exchange pair(s), yielding profits ranging between $0.03 and $1,008.96 #bitcoin #btc

Bylsma on Justin Bailey: "He did quite well up here, and the challenge is sustaining that. Saw dips and inconsistencies in his game."

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

You bitches will do anything to keep a nigga. Desperate ass hoes.

Honorable mr. Leader, as an law abiding private citizen, 100 support deportation of the mentally sick liberals… 

wow in my last tweet every time i went to spell full i started to spell fuck lol i guess wean its your fav word its all you want to say :P

Ed Sheeran: I'm in love with the shape of you Indian girl: KYA BOLA BC?? Ed: I'm in love with the shape of you didi..

#onlinebusiness I believe this should surely interest you as well  

Eye-Opening Photos That Will Make You Think Twice About Swimming In The Ocean 

MY NAME IS FUCKING AH GASE. YOU GET IT? AH GASE 

Your straightforward communication isn't nearly as clear as yo... More for Capricorn 

Person 1: you just got shot!!! Person 2: THIS IS ALL TRUMPS FAULT Person 1: ? Person 2: er-- FUCK TRUMP How I see "our dishonest president"

Clinton Describes Trump Budget Plan As "Grave Mistake": Former U.S. Secretary of State and… 

Trump said Obama needed war authority from Congress. Will he ask for it now? 

‘Call to Action’: Harvard Students Launch Resistance School to Combat President Trump 

God, how I want to feel the #cock inside yourself ! Find my name here  

Funny how #Iran is trying to condemn the #US bombing of military base in #Syria. "Allegations of #CW use"… 

Sometimes i just wanna go back at past and pull back what have i confessed to you. Because i know it's a shame when you don't even care.

I am most definitely am not streaming today, I had a real fucking shitty day and I'm so pissed right now, I would really love it if someone

I'm not sure if people thought I was talking on April 1st about shazaaming songs on Snapchat but it really does work 

RARE NATURAL BUMBLE BEE JASPER CAB,CITRINE,SMOKY CUT .925 SILVER NECKLACE PD-222  

The five things people want most in life are very simple and basic.  

Charity you better let that boy beat you walls down before he find a church queen that will assume the position.… 

Suicide sucks! Djeezz.. Nicola R.Z. 25 and leaving a loving husband and deeply caring family behind! We mourn with you all! #Australia

64213 started on 01/04/2017 Reached its destination CNB and was 318 Mins Late 

dear outsiders, how can u get looked as fucking calm,sensitive and nondescript person that will bind me with a heartbreak . go away . gr

The FCO warns that widespread trade union strikes taking place in Argentina today, will affect all transport, flights and public services

You might have plans for a peaceful day of rest and relaxation... More for Cancer 

Best RFID Blocking Wallet for Men and Women, Safe and Secure Protection for Travel and Work,.. 

OH STOP IT YOU I'M BLUSHING   But legit love you too and your writing dude don't even get me started I DIE 

NSFW: Funny Animated Short Portrays Extreme Dangers Of Online Dating  #WebDesign 

Anyone who thinks the Undertaker sucks is a shit wrestling fan anyway so you're not a loss as a follower as far as… 

Kash rt'd this and I don't remember tweeting this...I guess it's safe to see he's EXTRA THICK NOW. 

Strength and Resilience: Survivors Speak, one of our #SAAM events, is getting started! #supportsurvivors… 

Video Previews For Tonight's NXT TakeOver: Orlando, Florida  #wwe #nxt #nxttakeover

i fucking spit my drink everywhere when my mom asked me if i had fucked kihyun djfgjffhyff

Chief Corp Affairs Officer, Manuel Kohnstamm, on how the telecoms industry can thrive under light-touch regulation 

Scented Herb Set by Tattly #faketattoo  For the garden lovers. ;) 

its always funny to see when shorties get in a new relationship and they be cute with they new man but like my nigga she did everything wit me

No one does anything at work it's so fucking annoying

New Wikileaks document shows #Hillary taking money from Dirty House of #Saud 

Ima get it in til da day that I go! Niggas don't act like niggas no mo! Hate when niggas act like they ain't from t… 

wishing grammy were here to slap my dad in the face and yell at him about how much of an asshole he's being

i swear BTS songs can make you hype even at your lowest downfalls lol when will everybody going to realize dat  

You're looking for entertainment of a different sort; your min... More for Sagittarius 

Aircraft spotted: Flight UAL122 is 82.7 miles away and travelling 286 kts at 36950 feet | 

and espn ain't shit when it's not football season every time I hear Lebron or warriors I get a lil seizure

Can't believe that in 2017 there's websites that play music automatically as soon as you visit them. They'd use <blink> to if they could

With all this purple I wouldn't be surprised if she named her kid some shit like lavender carter. 

TANTE4D #TogelOnline #BandarTogel #TogelTerpercaya The hashtag #CoppaItalia took the 14th place in the Top20 of Indonesia's Trends for Tues…

outdoor shocking tyoing my horny pussy 

No offense to my friends from STL City, but if Larry Rice wins the election I will get a small chuckle...

WHO THE FUCK RUNS THIS ACCOUNT!!? I'M DYING 

70,000 bombs, nearly 3000 civilian deaths in UK supported air strikes in Syria. Austerity (aye really, unionism and… 

Found a Transponder Snail! For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!  #TreCru 

Ion know wtf going on but all I know is my nipples are mad sore   for no damn reason at all.

true cause ain't nobody talk to me all week so i don't wanna hear it at school on monday  ‍ 

How to raise powerful daughters? Introduce them to diverse heroines in media. #RepresentationMatters #womengoblue

Throbbing GristleのThrobbing Gristle's Greatest Hits (Remastered)  #NowPlaying

KPIs are for losers. Get rid of them.  #management #marketing 

Amazon quietly ventures into influencer marketing #socialmediamarketing #marketing #brandbuilding 

All jokes aside I'm going to fucking class tomorrow    

Cuban girl gets fucked afer her tv falls so her panty falls too 

I try so damn hard to avoid from drinking cold water but still this cough is gettin worst

futurism: Scientists recently discovered that a massive volcanic eruption lasting over 100 million years occurred … 

Please post: "Thank you for all of your concern and help I happy to announce he made it home earlier today. The... 

#YorkshireGuru Latest: Funds secured for key Rotherham project  

  itscuteust: Magnus saved him and when he saved him immediately he was the first person to come to see... 

working every single day of this week open to close so my check better look nice because im exhausted  

Touch of Class alumnae and our biggest fans! We're ordering t-shirts for our Spring Concert and we would love you... 

Orca Paradise  My nickname is WhaleQueen and my dolphin's name is Crystal 

Trump Donates Salary To National Parks Even As He Tries To Cut Interior Department: Critics… 

Affleck Changes the Narrative, Pittsburgh Officials Address the Stigma, and A Social Worker Encourages us to R.E.A.... 

I Watched NOT My Mom Being Fucked By Strangers 

say you won't let go- james arthur segunda-feira- esteban tavares shape of you- ed sheeran #MúsicaDaTirulândia

Travelling to Melbourne. Book your SIlver service cab now. Nice and clean cars. Estimate your fare and book now.… 

Idlib hospitals overwhelmed after suspected gas attack  

A little something different. I'm kinda falling for these things. #satanicleafgecko… 

#ThingsIWontApologizeFor: loving the Lord, loving my country, loving my community, and loving my family.

A NYT Best Seller will be how Trump revitalized America with his #AntiRulingClass messaging and then became co-opted by them once in power!

HISTORY | How The Fulanis Conquered Hausa Kingdom In 1804, A Repeat Brewing In The South. [MUST READ] -TheWailersNG… 

"I ain't fucking around!"    

when things are going bad but I'm trying to stay positive and pretend everything is okay 

i fell asleep at 7pm and my mom just woke me up saying it was 7am and all i said was "wait how is that even possible"

Although your intuition is functioning at a very high level to... More for Taurus 

Backlit Dual Speedmeter Turn Signal For Honda Shadow Spirit VLX 600 750 1100  

Yall (Without a shred of fucking evidence): Iraq and Libya dropped the dollar then got invaded!! Syria did too!! Now u see why we hate them!

THE BRUTAL SEAL MASSACRE STARTED TWO DAYS AGO, THIS IS A VICTIM OF ONE OF THE DERANGED ZOOSADISTS...clubbed to... 

Please Dir Comey ...please get Comedy Troop of an Administration out of her before they push a button...#ftroop

Usually when I straighten my hair it's super oily and flat and ugly but I switched it up this time and it's too fluffy lol

Elizabeth May on the Liberal's proposed changes to procedures in the House of Commons: 

You might have trouble expressing your feelings today, but no ... More for Taurus 

Real fucking talk people need fi hear 

 : #NASA #Months - #Veteran NASA Spacewoman Getting 3 #Extra Months in Orbit 

#XRIM #MONEY WSJ Fresenius in talks to buy u.s. drug maker Akorn  — Wall Street Journal (WSJ) April 8, 2017

It's some producers that think a trap beat is just a trap beat when really it's levels to this trap beat shit...

Haven't Vlogged For Ages. Can't wait for insomnia next Friday and Saturday. 

FLASH: Palace welcomes deal on interim ceasefire between gov’t, NDF: Malacaang on Thursday… 

Heading to work for the people of Canada, will miss my beloved Leafs game tonight. Ok boys, dig deep and get us the 2 pts. #tmltalk

I'm thinking about starting a YouTube channel. But I'm not funny so idk what I'll do 

Sturgeon's independence case in TATTERS as Scots DON'T want SEPARATE Brexit deal - survey #GeneralNews 

Y'all thought 85 was bad wait til u see the streets tomorrow! Smh shit about to be crazy!!

Is this heaven? Surrounded by 27 #AudiR8! #LeagueofPerformance  …  Is this heaven? Surrounde…

A different nail lady "got my nails started" while waiting on my lady and I literally just had an anxiety attack the whole time.   #PlsStop

funny how you talk to me wanting to be friends, when you're out there talking shit about me hahahaha Square up b

Some with paltry followers spending 24/7 attacking #Ukip really expect me to respond? A genuine question I might, but why feed trolls?

Senate Running Out of Compromises to Avoid 'Nuclear Option' in Gorsuch Vote... 

i really feel so sad bc bts won't come to europe. i know they love all armys but i feel like they dont even know we exist

Horrible teens are still doing racist promposals and this may be the worst one yet  

asool_iz takes a break on this busy weekend!  #CapeTown offer so many activities and… 

People who think they can not put effort into a relationship and have it be goals have me fucked up bc it doesn't work like that

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

This godddamn fucking asshole. How the fuck dare he try to do this shit for publicity 

#fucking bitch porn girl in the mud porn 

You might have trouble expressing your feelings today, but no ... More for Taurus 

Lorina Naci used cinema to show just how sophisticated conscious awareness can be in a ‘minimally conscious’ patient 

#VousEcoutez #NowPlaying Donald Byrd and 125th Street, N.Y.C. - Sexy Dancer #yurzradio Enjoy music from #Reims

#nrnhr Ranveer Singh records a rap for Gully Boy  #lfa 

16 new tweeps followed me in the last day. I find relevant people to follow with the #CopyFollowers feature of 

Public opinion: Most of Somalis believe our 'constitution needs reform' Don't waste our time #Somalia

Come on Huck. You were trained to get out these situations. OPA needs you #Scandal #tgit #WhatTheHuck

#Paris Apr 03 04:00 Temperature 8C no or few clouds Wind VRB 6 km/h Humidity 80% France .. 

I will never get over the moment where I opened my acceptance letter and Maribel just screamed and cried with me

Showtime makes its entire library available for offline viewing on mobile devices 

These are the books that Princeton, Harvard and Yale professors think you should read 

I'm at EP 8 of 13 reasons why but i have exams so this is fucked up

i have got to stop fucking napping for 3 hours every day

#EC17 kicked off last week with new #Skype4B features, announcements and a keynote address! Relive the moments here: 

While this is horrible management and highly inadvisable, the messages are actually totally sweet 

Judge approves $25 million settlement of Trump University lawsuit  

 Harry Styles Used to Google His Dates Before Going Out! #celebs 

Pink Shared Adorable Photo of Son Jameson Moon — See the Pic!  #celebrity #gossip

Kodak Black Illustrates His Trials and Tribulations on 'Painting Pictures' Album: Kodak…  

it's been like 3 months since dont say no and i still listen to the entire album tirelessly, honestly so good

I really hate a desperate ass bitch like get it together!!!

I can't promise you the world I can't offer the best things in life but I can try it can only offer a simple good life

Bulls gonna make the playoffs and I'm gonna fuckin' watch it and be mad as hell...

$1.26-$1.27 is average tax rate in Region 7/East Texas, Gilbert said. This bond would add 37.8 cents to rate making $1.6255.

#creating a computed value in items in an array using knockoutjs #Tech #News #HowTo 

Ad Ops: Contents #adops #FreeDownload #Free #Giveaway  

Check out Midnight Delight Event Update    

That's a plot twist... that's a fucking plot twist

me with some these annoying ass freshman 

Bodysuits are all fun n cute until you're sitting naked on a loo in some shit club n you're cold n u just sort of deep your life

Just like your living space needs to be swept and mopped regul... More for Virgo 

FTL travel, Teleportation, Telepathy, Psychics, weather control - Some of the Sci-Fi in A Vested Interest series - 

"The devil stay testing, ’cause when you chase the pussy it’s a sin. But if it falls in your lap, it’s a blessin'"     

DUR 1 AGS 8 [Top 7th] [0 Out] [0 balls] [0 strikes] ... No one on [P: Carlos Chavez] [B: #51 Jesus Vega]

Voluptuous and brunette Harmony gets spotted and fucked by dude 

And here's the dickbag that doesn't know how to wear a fucking hat.

Today is a BLUE DAY - Periods 2, (Focus 7/8), 6, 8. Good Morning Stallion Nation! 

Although your intuition is functioning at a very high level to... More for Taurus 

Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile. - Elizabeth Barrett Browning #quote

"...there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves."... by #andreas_wisst 

"Trump want my exit, but if he press a red button to watch Netflix, bruv, I'm on." || T5 

Baby was on father's back when both were shot in North Charleston, witness tells police 

#Top 1992 Fleer #11 Larry Bird Boston Celtics PSA 9 MINT  #Sports 

like my mood is so fucking killed i hate how terrible this experience is

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 288 #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight

I'm the evil hearted Prim that will always never care. It's in my veins. If it ain't XO then it gotta fuckin go. Goodnight  

The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge. - Daniel J. Boorstin

I will not sleep through class tomorrow. I will not sleep through class tomorrow. I will not sleep through class tomorrow.

People in your immediate environment may be the cause of emoti... More for Capricorn 

filming my wife fucking my friend 

I’ve said I love you but I lied ‘cause love never got me this high. #SmartMusicLive #SmartFifthHarmony

president Carrot Top Has taken us to war   ‍it hasn't even been 100 days... they have Chemical Weapons... Lordt

I'm so happy for you!!! You follow your heart and screw the haters!!! So brave, so move, so loved!!!   

The best part about smoking trees is that you can smoke all day long then when you wake up ur ready to do it all over again..

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

There's a quiet sigh of relief at the finality of Narita's words, and Ennoshita can't help but feel appreciative. "… 

Dominant in possession and chances, but just not creative enough to score. These draws at home absolutely brutal.

#GDR #OTD 1990 – Demo for accessibility and the environment at Bornholmerstr. border crossing in East Berlin 

Our students have made a name for themselves in the beauty industry, and we can help you do the… 

I hate being sick and not being able to work. Thank god I took extra hours on Friday because I treated myself yesterday and nned money asap.

As Richard slid on his belly he knew above there were rippling tentacles.  #horror #cosmichorror #freeshortstory

IM SO FUCKING PISSED OFF WITH THIS BITCH 

Okay well the signs were there when she agreed to go to your place lol so that logic is obvious 

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

fuck the idea that eating junk food "cancels out" workouts!! it's not a 1-1 comparison and if you're breaking a sweat you deserve a treat

On vacation in the pool drinking a beer. Cut up guy joined me with the same swim shorts I had on. Felt like I was in a before/after shot.

FBI Director James Comey Finally Refutes Donald Trump’s ‘Wiretap’ Tweets.  

When life throws lemons at you throw them shits back and asked for a lime to put in your corona and just vibe foooooooooool.

Apologies for the inconvenience, the bus stop on Westminster road/tower road has been closed for the Breezer 50. ^SH

#NowPlaying I Can't Tell You Why by Eagles at  #oldies #lovesongs #classicrock 

like it hasn't been touched in months if not years. I likely need a place to hang my coat..." Yellows actually flow to a conveniently--

My nigga there's a fucking bird in my bathroom I can't fucking sleep to all this chirping

Seem to be getting stuck, want to `derive (Show)` in a data type in #Haskell but the type is polymorphic.

New Fashion Women Summer Vest Short Sleeve Blouse Casual Tank Tops T-Shirt  

I opened the door slowly, closed and locked it. And then I heard another lock click outside... 

My ISP is in Charge of the power on island and Internet. We get like 50 power outs a week, which caused them to break something in my area.

Look at those cloud fucking 

Love and relationships is all about like a diamond. You consider it precious. Valuable. Important.  

Med-Lemon's a trip because you gotta drink it hot but what of one's tongue? They gotta make a cold one fr fr.

Don't judge me by my past. I don't live there anymore. - Petteri Tarkkonen #quote 

grant_factory : #grants #funds Op-ed: Mentoring Matching Grants work   

There was litterally dust on my saddle! Hiding from the winter weather. Forgotten how much I loved two wheels… 

We have 2 group runs this weekend! Saturday we will be running from Complete Fitness at 8am and on Sunday we will... 

Helmet cam footage shows why it never, ever pays to be nice to people #Facebook #android #app go to 

Everyone is telling me no and brent said it looks retarded but I had them before so I'm like 

Talent Manager | NTS Group: The Role NTS Group are currently working on an exciting… 

Pretty sure all of these except the lightning and lake ones are alcohol related. 

You're a dusty piece of shit. Congratulations on tanking the rest of your miserable career, fuckhead. 

"She Was Robbed By A Good Friend, But What Happened Next Is Even More Disturbing 

Tonight 75 talented and beautiful young ladies tried out for the team. Everyone did an amazing job and we wish we could take everyone!

Ceja: I ain't getting drunk Me: you told me you were! Ceja: I'm getting fucked up Lmfaooo

girls fucked in ass #like porno tube 

links body must have been fucking obliterated 100 years ago theres no way you fight a hell beast and die in one piece

'O'Reilly Factor' ratings soar as controversy flares  

Looking for some feedback on my MEAN stack CMS meanbase  Free SSL, SEO with prerender, and an intuitive experience.

Apparently after UNC and Oregon play the national champ game is immediately next. According to tyler..... #HELPME

You prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg... More for Libra 

Still in 1956, Little Richard’s soon-to-be classic “Long Tall Sally” was released in the US by Specialty Records.

#Games #Videos Destiny: How to Beat the Vault of Glass Templar and Atheon Raid Challenge… 

  kuronekoojousama: the GazettE X tumblr text posts Pt 2 A little more of this shitty meme for all who... 

Tbh I have more grudges against people that have hurt my friends/family than I do against people that have hurt me personally

Natiis ka nya it means he doesn't fucking care anymore 

Maybe the Republicans should just get it over with and change their names to the Hypocrites. Instead of X their sym… 

Incorporate what you love into what you do. #Coffee #Entrepreneur #Community #People 

Your success is tied to someone else's dreams while the Sun's ... More for Pisces 

I swear I hate #LWATL with a passion. Juicy is always talking abt being the queen of atl but she nosey as hell.That hoe needs dick or a seat

why does this stupid cough make a shitty appreance at night  

I would like to go for a run but I got my hair done this morning and do I really wanna waste this blowout?

i don't fucking w demons . 

Christchurch tsunami sirens test as daylight saving ends on... #WhenDoesDaylightSavingEnd 

#tawnee stone fucking video oung girls fucking 

like lucien said, that was allen's fiction; what allen thought was the truth. he wasn't there, he didn't know what happened, he just assumed

Kyleigh..... It's literally just Ky-leigh if you don't know how to pronounce it you're a fuckin idiot 

Never seen a bunch of Childish people. Like who make jokes about a Storm ? Yeah it may have not hit your area... 

Payback is a bitch and looks like #Putin gave the #Syrian rebels one helluva a beating 

✽ Natural Round Cut Diamond 10k Yellow Gold S Shape Band Ring For Women's  

#2 dicks in one pussy fucking a dolphin 

Finally got a decent couch! The living room is looking so amazing now. And it's so peaceful at… 

I don't get how you can just wake up one day and decide mmm, i'm just never gonna talk to this person again

Michael is FINE AF....I just NEED him with Sara and MJ and Lincoln...and Sucre...and C-Note!!! Basically I need my TEAM!! #PrisonBreak

'Cards Against Humanity' Creator Vows To Buy And Publish Congress's Internet History 

Your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push... More for Leo 

The difference between #Zionism and #Judaism; it appears that the two have nothing in common? 

Wearing a bowtie, doesn't make you intelectual! You look just idiotic     

Main event time Reigns vs Taker say what you wanna heel face cheer or boo but Reigns always brings it #Wrestlemania

Warren Crossing Warren Township NJ Web Site:  Appointments Sat and Sun Call Jane 908-313-7180 

Art of deception to help spinners thrive in IPL: NEW DELHI: Contrary to popular belief, Twenty20 cricket…… 

I always forget how deep my relationship with Matt Lucas goes, we may not know one another, but that's what makes our love so unique.

Too many niggas act like bitches, damn that shit so crazy, dropped outta school my OG tell me everyday she praying   

Congress Proposes Warrant Requirement Before Border Agents Can Search Phones Of U.S. Citizens 

Embattled House Intelligence Committee chief Devin #Nunes steps aside from inquiry into Trump aides’ #Russia ties 

QR #LITMPagtatapat #FPJAPBalikBilibid #MDHKasagutan It Will never change baby MCLISSE IWFIL OnStarMusic

Walker, Jordan, Maxwell to take part in NFL's USO tour (Yahoo Sports) -  Pro Bowl tight end Delanie Walke...

Me: I want salad Mom: There's food here just cook Me: I'm losing a pint of blood a day please take me to the fucking store for a salad

You can tell when a girl genuinely showing her nigga off and when a girl posting shit to prove sumn after she took him back for cheatin

Unlike today's liberals, they weren't morons. They would understand as soon as the first round was fired. 

Fuck it up it its your birthday bitch!!!      

if you're pro-trump argument always has to do with what obama or clinton did or would do you are an idiot

Goat is disgusting as fuck. Actually I can't say that as I've never actually eaten it but can't get over the smell. Nope

today in one of my discussions my TA passed around a sheet for attendance and she asked for us to put our name AND pronouns. YES GIRL YAS

Your to-do list is extensive today as you optimistically attem... More for Scorpio 

10PCS White Silver Clip Lock Stopper Clasp Charm Bead Fit European Bracelet DIY  

#Arrests linked to deadly attack on St. Petersburg subway  

Is anyone else fucking terrified to go to sleep tonight or is it just me

Did you really just compare a bottle of Champagne to space exploration? Awful logic and no connection. 

idk if i'm bailey's best friend or her girlfriend by how much she puts me on her insta   it's all love tho. I appreciate her too   

An asset is something that puts money in my pocket. A liability is something that takes money out of my pocket.― Robert T. Kiyosaki #quote

Clear One Radio - YATTA THE MOGAL SHOW LIVE H001  #Listen #clearoneradio

HOW TO MAKE PEOPLE REMEMBER YOU OVER YOUR COMPETITORS,  #Gift #Packaging #Competitors 

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

60% off stoneware for hosts this month! Contact me via DM, comment on this post or send me an… 

We're excited to host the Environmental and Sustainability Expo btwn 12-3pm TODAY! Stop by Anna Head Alumnae Hall for… 

wish someone would give me 20% bloody hell 

Poor #Canada—to be led by jejune #trendoid retard #TrudeauJunior in an era when #IslamIsTheProblem.… 

Evidence Suggests S-Y-R-I-A G-A-S ATTACK Is False Flag #StayWoke #SyriaStrikes 

Tension grips Jammu University after ABVP activists halt sports event over insult to national anthem… 

she fucking says art rock and i want to believe it but i can't but I WANT TO because i'll get my life from that 

I WANT TO FUCKING JUMP OFF MY WINDOW 

Great job Kayson for getting ALL 88 sight words correct! #seswordwarriors #ses40DA #sessuccessby6... 

Try these words " No do no do,no do galagala for me"      don't ask me what does those words mean.! I also don't kn… 

Draymond kill me with all that shit he be talking to the refs please be quiet boy before you get us all in trouble  

Found a Transponder Snail! A behind-the-scenes look at Galley-La Shipyard!  #TreCru 

I also burnt my wrist on an electric hob I'm fucked now-

There's Been A Big Shakeup In Trump's White House Involving Steve Bannon - BuzzFeed News 

  YASSS It's time for a great show  Sonya kasmi :  

In a fast launch type scenario, we're all doomed anyway regardless of the AI's values. Unless they also solve human alignment (LOL).

HOLY FUCK BALLS! IT's OFFICIAL! #DoctorWho 

#NowPlaying Let It Go (feat. Da' T.R.U.T.H. and Promise) by Rell It Go - Single

If you can't give me that then I'm not the right person to be in your life and that's ok. Life is short.

There are a few music videos being edited now of me and a special guest playing some originals… 

Mfs hate me in the worst ways and I gives no fucks at all   

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

Premier League: Britos opens Hornets account to add to Moyesandamp;#39; woes #Sport 

BPD 911 Dispatch: 911/NO VOICE | 2500 AISQUITH ST | Tue, Apr 4th 2017, 12:30 am | Medium | P170940048

If you don't vote Judaism you're an idiot   

St. Louis has a very boring #STLCards hashtag, but what in the hell does #ThatsCub even mean?

Honestly the trope that women who aren't natural hating themselves or being insecure is old and tired. But y'all continue to go off I guess

  YASSS It's time for a great show   KING and QUEEN  :#music #Feature  

Acatim QY9 V4.1 Bluetooth Mini Lightweight Neckband In-Ear Wireless Sport Stereo Universal.. 

Need my got damn nails done tomorrow after work real bad  

Commented on StockTwits: what did you get in at, i got in at 1.70 out at 1.90 nothing great but green 

Police arrest 14 year old boy in connection with Facebook Live sexual assault of girl, 15  

Apparently Kawhi Leonard's enormous hands needed to get stronger  #spurs #GoSpursGo 

#bbnaija TLOSS BE PLAYING THE VICTIM CARD. SILLY OLD WOMAN. GIFTY and TTT ARE ALSO MIXED, BUT HOUSEMATES LOVED THEM. TLOSS'S ATTITUDE STINKS.

Snap On Special Edition 2pc Ratcheting Screwdriver Set w/ Dale Earnhardt Car  

This guy really just said "I thinks that's a german shepherd"... NIGGA DOES THIS LOOK LIKE A GERMAN SHEPHERD 

"WHERES THE FUCKING BLOOW NOOW!"      I'm too weak

Friend: Let's go out! Me: I can't go out this time, I don't have any gas Friend: I got you covered. Me: 

Japan's fleet returns with 333 whales killed in the name of science  … 

You people who destroyed Memphis last season and Martial this season but are quiet about Rashford. I see you.

oh fudge, I've been away a while... returnin' some follows! (as most as the Twit Twits will allow) 

I AM LIVIDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOLY EFFIN' SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I AM SO PISSED!!!!!!!!! OMGGGG!!!!! BRYCE, YOU FUCKING SHIT HEAD!!!!!

Saoil am biodh a leithid math airson na #Gàidhlig? Would something like this work for #Gaelic? 

American Idol Without Ryan Seacrest? See How the Host Almost Missed Out on the Job 15 Years Ago!… 

Cfnm bachelorette fucked by stripper at hen ht 

At least the food at Anjung Saujana are very savoury and can make people feel so full even if it is overpriced.  

Controller - Commercial Real Estate - The Quest Organization - New York, NY  Job New York

Such a fun day connecting with homeschooling families today at Dallas Zoo Homeschool Day!… 

Latest Post: Development Outside Downtown • DSM: Beaverdale Development, News  

Doris Day got one thing settled on her 95th birthday: Her actual age  #entertainment #news 

da way i'm feelin rn, i wouldn't wish dat shit on my worst enemy..

Detroit Lions 2016 NFL Draft prospect: Tennessee DE Derek Barnett #detroitlions #bhive 

Seriously tho adopt don't shop, my parents bought our 2 Siamese cats (8 yrs apart) from Uncle Bills and while we love them and they're great,

04-06 Putgarten, Germany - October 15, 2016: Lighthouse of Cape...  #putgarten 

A Man Captured The World's Deadliest Snakes Fight To The Death With A Tragic End 

No. of Premier League goals involved in before turning 21: Beckham - 12 Gerrard -...  by… 

Archive: Harvard Business School Association #Awards Mr Mitchell Elegbe, GMD, and Interswitch Founder. 

say something bad about my friend again and i wont hesitate to come over to her school and slap your fucking face   

watercolor study for "artist appropriation" oil painting, check out  to see the guy who's st… 

Complex might ruin joe budden and akademiks authenticity. Too much acting from the videos ive seen so far

EXECUTIVE ACTION: Trump to launch review of trade policy as he levels new threats at China  

Who am I without you, that’s why I tell you that I love you. #MAYWARDFlyHigh

I will NEVER understand why my mom stays with my fucking dad.

Sick of being sick. One of those years where I have gotten every damn germ that I've come in contact with...   

Oh I'm "fucking annoying" just wait... just bc my mom dates your dad don't mean shit       

sigh I'll never forgive yall for making hoseok look so goddamn desperate like he literally was about to tie a noose if she ain't accept

#Live Now #DaisyBloom: If you like to have all the best in your life you are in the right…    on #EliteCamPromos

Wonder how Mark Webber would feel only being remembered as the really tall bloke that partnered Sebastian Vettel   #whodareswin

#casinocruise bring u a #poolparty every #Tuesday! Make a deposit up 2 £100 and u’ll get a 25% balance booster!… 

Sometimes I fucking hate springandsummer because of these noise from the ice cream trucks. I'm tired of reporting them. Yet they keep coming. 

New Father. - - I just had my first child 4 days ago. I am the father and I never knew that love… 

And my issue now is if I miss this quiz tomorrow I only have 2 out of 3 needed quizzes and my grades in math aren't the best

Bro, u can't be this Petty, share ur music link n don't damage ur artiste image while ur at it. 

#DOJ won't tolerate companies 'misusing' #H-1B visa  Really? They have been gutting US wages for a decade

Jackie Johnson's Weather Forecast (March 30): Sunny, breezy and warm through the weekend and into the next…… 

Females hate liars but can't stand a "let me fuck" blunt Ass nigga you gotta pick yo L baby girl   ‍ 

That was a bloody good episode of #thelastkingdom. We got Finan and Steapa. Hild continues to be awesome. Some excellent shit talking too.

They follow me, i will follow them back. Same goes to if they unfollow me, i will do the sama. Simple. Balance.

UPCOMING: Ludogorets - Dunav (Ruse), First league - XXVII round, 09 April Share your expectations for the game.… 

)Nigerian Man, who transformed to a lady, Noni Salma shares lingerie photos; says she's a proud trans (Pics) 

Don't treat school as a place you go to when you feel like it. If you want a quality education system, FUCKING SUPPORT IT

You got me and my life fucked up if you think I'm not bout to do something. 

A quick and easy way to stabilize your mood swings is to relen... More for Cancer 

instead of tweets we call them toots. instead of liking a toot you jiggle it. unlike twitter, mastodon won't sell yr jiggles to bleep bloop

Happy Birthday to my beautiful sister Sandi. This is our 2nd birthday without you. I miss you so… 

GUY FIERI WILL BE PROUD OF U AND WILL MAKE U AN AVOCADO SALAD WITH SALMON DRIZZLED WITH LEMON JUICE AND kicap IF U… 

2 Florida Men Plead Guilty to Providing Support to IS #H0  

Closure of #Hudaydah port #Yemen will result in Humanitarian catastrophe #EndYemenSiege 

Theresa May suggests free movement could continue during Brexit implementation - Business Insider 

IS MOTHER FUCKING DAMON STILL WALKING HIS GOLD TOOTH ASS AROUND NYC SHUT THE HELL UP

Absolutely! They have ballooned under the Liberals and they must be slashed to trim the deficit #deepakage… 

Level 2/3 Nursery Nurses required. Contact us via facebook or on 0118 971 4299 for more information. 

Selena Quintanilla 21st Death Anniversary: 21 Things You Didn't Know About #SelenaQuintanilla #SelenaQuintanilla 

#kiddiPie #KidsToy #KidsEducation Kids Educational Craft Ideas – Alternatives to Using a Paint Brush 

 (plzRT)  Surgery Jaeten - 08: It should say KIM.  Hashtag: #ผ่าตัดแจเตนล์ #jaeten #ฟิคNCT 

I WAS ABOUT TO SCREAM IN THE HALLWAY WHY DID SHE DYE HER HAIR DOES THAT MEAN SHE'S GETTING HERSELF A NEW LOOK OR [s… 

Fucking my step sister in parents 

Compare with #djia #SP500 #NASDAQ yearly results numbers:  

We love having the support of our community's students! "We are The American Society for… 

Ryan Routley. Carly McKlusky. Gemineye. Kelowna. Jessica. I want my fucking revenge.

Tell her all you told to me , how this is where you wanna be and you can't see ya self living without me    ‍

#Apes are the largest primates: #gorillas, #chimpanzees, orangutans, #gibbons, siamangs and bonobos.  「Apes for Kids」

cayanns bitch ass fakin being sick to get out of cleaning

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

All the things listed hit very close to home for me. Especially the parts about regrettable things done during mani… 

I really fucked it up this time didn't I, my dear?

Wilbur is the only one out of many that is given a chance to live one more day. Please someone… 

Tf Maggie? You did not just tell Mer she didn't care about her mom because she put her to "rest" in a scrub in sink in OR2...

Michael Howard is a fucking half-baked war-mongering idiot. A refugee from good sense. All these Tory twats want is WAR?!

View of the megacity from the 14th floor of Bro. Andrew Gonzales Hall, DLSU. #seminar… 

Professional Floorings #Workzone Home Tools direct from retailer - Laminate/Wood Cutter + How To's + Reviews 2017 

Everybody go buy this. I couldn't be more proud of these dudes. Absolutely crushed it. Thank you for letting me be… 

Martha has a house keeper and this woman literally sent my ass to my room. I'm shocked and appalled.

Who the hell has a shower at 3.30am?? Worst night's sleep in months and it had to be when I have work in the morning.

Nathaniel Wood should get the UFC call next, that was a very impressive win over Vaughan Lee, beat him up in style.. #CW82

Luke Shaw, Paul Pogba, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Anthony Martial are all on the bench for Manchester United Very stro… 

ACADEMY | Our U18s took three points from their trip to Blackburn last weekend...  

Some people stand when they wipe, is that some sort of fucking disgusting joke?

Karl-Anthony Towns is a monster, and the NBA's Rookie of the Year #KarlAnthonyTowns #IsaiahThomas #IsaiahThomas 

A girl that looked like she worth the world to ya is around the corner getting fucked for a perk #Facts

They lied about your evil ass 

Trump order undoes workplace protections for women — as Ivanka celebrates ‘Equal Pay Day’ 

I've just watched episode S01E04 of 13 Reasons Why!  

Fool me once shame on you. Fool me twice shame on me. Keep fooling me and I must be a Trump supporter

"Save me from the nothing I've become." Well, I became something, actually. Something undesirable, that is.

Narrated by Abu Dawood (may Allah be pleased with him), said that the Messenger of Allah (peace and blessings of Allah be upon him) said

Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg uses  to launch campaign on Equal Pay Day 

You niggas so use to taking bitches out to eat that when you get offered home made food you act so surprised it's funny lmao  

anyways on a serious note the reassurance is all in the process and it's something i knew before but now i understand

Malzberg SHERIFF CLARKE TO NBPP'S CALL FOR OWN COUNTRY IN U.S. YOU ALREADY HAVE IT THE GHETTO WATCH at:… 

I don't think I've ever laughed at a "try guys" video so hard in my fucking life man 

Hey Si Edward Smith thanks for the follow! Be sure to check out my website for updates and my portfolio content. 

#Fife #Weather 05/04/17, 01:00 is 7.2C (2.6), rain today 0.0mm, pressure 1015.1 (Falling slowly), wind WSW 9.4mph.

Is science an unequivocal route to truth? Or does it offer mere models and stories in the face of the inexplicable? 

Narrrrrr Get Out has fucked my head, what an insane movie   ‍

Fucking hell ps. Brexit is nothing to do with left and right, the left won't understand that 

Killing little girls like the Eight year old Nawar al-Awlaki is a u.s specialty. 

restraining yourself from making inappropriate #jokes in a new #friendship because you don’t know if they’ll laugh or start running away.

Descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today, even i... More for Gemini 

Lowkey wanna create a character resembling albert wesker and yeah a fucking villain

Members of Mrs. Horton's AP Environmental Science Class planted a new tree on campus today. 

girl fucked by her teacher 

The strongest mentorship relationships are built on honesty, integrity and active listening. #AlwaysLearning 

I am itching to start my Spring cleaning! Out with the old and unused. In with the fresh air, lighter, brighter colo…

LIVE: School and road closures following burst water main in Gloucester - Gloucestershire Live  #Gloucestershire

It's hillarious, intriguing, and utterly breathtaking. It's #IsaleEko live at the Muson Centre. 

Palm Sunday Procession from Newlands Spring School 9.15 am arriving at the Church Hall 9.45 am 4the blessing of Palms before 10.00 service

When someone mentions yoga I'm like yeah, fucking no. Ever. I'd rather stick a pen in my eye and do crossfit   

Sameee plus i got that RBF so people dont want to come talk to me cuz i look mean   

cnnbrk: Severe weather bringing strong winds and potential flooding is battering the Southeast. 

I sure hope so, Scott. I want my country back on an even keel sooner than later. #trumprussia #russiagate 

‘Cong. distributing money, liquor to lure voters’ Police a puppet in the hands of Siddaramaiah, says Shobha Karan… 

What Should Mama June Expect From Here on Out? More Celebrities Open Up About Life After Weight Loss Surgery… 

Western President Amit Chakma Absent From Sunshine List... #SunshineList2016 

I became bestfriends with elle in the September of 2013 and I'm fucking shook wth

5 Things Every Filmmaker Must Consider When Choosing a Film School  #Hollywood

STOP HIM BEFORE HE #KILLS again.Dark world of #blackmarket trade in human body parts. #Gritty #medical thriller.… 

almost 4 and my release is not here          fucking wanna go home

I get so annoyed when I try to delete my apps and when I hold down my apps it pops up this shit Bitch I just wanna… 

Stir fried Pepper   Beef with Veggies   . pfchangs has a little something fit for everyone on… 

I'm at Barney Lanches e Pizzaria in Ipatinga, Minas Gerais/Brasil  

into that ring Sunday with no regrets; I want that battle to end with me knowing that I have reached my full potential. Whether it's a --

Yesterday's food Kansas kicker ribs. Jimbeam n coke wings. Did they go well ? Ha you bet they did… 

Blessed The LORD YAHUVEH,everyday! Baruch Hashem Yom Yom! I LOVE YOU HOLY TRINITY IN YAHUSHUA CHRIST HOLY NAME AMEN LOVE YOU John16:23Praise

Wow so asians can never really be themselves without being compared to some other westerner huh    

Something that can be easily solved and happen but you let stubborn and selfish get in the way.... #JustWhy #WhyMakeThingsSoDifficult  

Over a million aspirants to take the JEE Mains tomorrow. Engineering still the overwhelming choice it seems. Good luck to all.

I have 130 new followers from Philippines, and more last week. See  

Check out my Madame Rose making headline! Achieving her own 'American Dream' 

Found a Transponder Snail! Killer rabbits?! Amazing fauna on one winter isle!  #TreCru 

#Life Situation of mistaken identity immediately after a automobile accident leaves two Arizona families in shock 

You can love someone so much... But you can never love people as much as you can miss them. -John Green

Get fucked by the police --->  

Just saw some kid give TheRealJoey1 a S/O for carding him TACO BELL...REPEAT AFTER ME, TACO BELLL. This man can't afford TACO BELL

I still think it's super fucked up that the new Zelda, which is all about climbing things and physics-ing things, doesn't have a hookshot

Everytime kumakain ako sa Mcdo, it reminds me of that guy who fucked me in the rest room, who called off his weddin… 

Chiranjeevi showd his gesture by Thanking Thalapathy fr #KhaidiNo150 PK 1step ahead used #ajith reference in… 

Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Effect Mellanox Technologies $MLNX Stock Price 

Be yourself. Be who you are and what you know to be right in you. There is only one you and you play a very... 

Niggas don't hate yall man, they just don't like you as a person.    

I just wanna be fucking it im sick of feeling this way

First time to attend a Blogcon with #Kathniel and so far it's one for the books! Catch them on… 

Fucking the wife in hotel 

Feels wonderful and scary to start paying down on debt. I'm going to have to budget like i never have before!

I played the Search the Waves mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 10 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2 

Marc Jacobs Matelasse Standard Continental Wallet #love  

The Dangers of Marine Mammals in Captivity - A Timeline of Injuries andDeaths to People, Dolphins and Whales. #Blackfish 

he's learning about winning and losing and being a good sport about either way 

Me and earl and the dying girl!!! Excpet no one dies, and no one has cancer. #JoshLiaForDirekJP 

The minister of police has a duty to protect citizens' democratic right to protest. Instead he has an apartheid app… 

Honestly why do y'all care so much about Pepsi. Millions are starving and getting killed fckjbg everywhere and your outraged about soda?

The best part of waking up is .... COSMO! #romneyridgeyarnsandwool #gogocosmo #dachshundsofinstagram #weeniedog... 

In my village of Rosario, Lagoa. Spending moments reminiscing.  #family #traditions #lagoa #mariasportuguesetable... 

Giants' Jeff Samardzija talked reunion with Cubs, lands with contender #ChicagoCubs  

Rep. Rick Nolan said his chances of running for governor are higher than 50-50 

YALL I STAY STANING I FUCKING STAY STANING HOLY FUCCCC 

went to mckdanks and asked for a mcChicken meal and they didn't give me my fries and its shitty out so guess i'm just gonna be mad bout it

I hate listening to Trump speak. He's fucking mentally slow.

10. This Town - Niall Horan First member of One Direction to save us from the drought. Amazing song. Amazing voice. Amazing everything

Snapchat fans are more sleep deprived than any other social media users  

The 'Master of None' Season 2 trailer will make you want to go to Italy, stat 

People watching Gonzaga for first time all year: "that Tall white dude with the beard on Gonzaga sucks" 

  Incomprehensible and immutable is the love of #God. He loved us before the foundation of the world.#Stillholy #stillgreat   

I feel for him every time we eat Mexican out here  it kills me every time I tell him "let's move back n get 24th and mission"

Dude I wouldn't talk considering you and your bang cast make nearly a mil or more an episode 

Knock on wood i know my situation can always be worst which is why im bless to be at the situation im at now!

Bro I didn't write this health letter bruhhh. Can someone write it for me plzzzjzzlzlzlzlzzlzlzlzlzlzzlzlz

GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL 2 IN ONE FUCKING MONTH, BITCHES 

-I will take your photo to the river naked for 7 days-Lady says to man who broke her best friend's heart(Pics) 

[Oklahoma’s Own] Not so sticky: MLB says no violation in Molina stuck ball  #Sooners

Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch could be confirmed this week but not without a fight from the opposition. 

Only one animal creates more insurance claims than bedbugs  

#AskWilliams CM: Absolutely! Lance is going to be a real asset in helping us appeal to a younger market...… 

YOU CAN FUCKING CHOKE DELETE THIS 

winners cb reminded me i need to add seunghoon and top to my bias thread but also i already have 15 biases on there and its too full already

Sonos Playbase review: an expensive TV speaker that's also good at music - The Verge 

Blast on Russian subway kills 10, injures 50; 2nd ...  Fake News!! Handle Your Own Problem s

Kitten In a Sea of Sharks  #cats #catgifs #catstv #appletv 

Usually tweet politics; incompetent doctors and staff in hospital/rehab caring for my elderly #ESRD husband almost killed him again #stress

Saracen Zeal Ladies Mountain Bike With Front Suspension  

Sometimes it looks as if I was never there... Sometimes I want to scream out that I'm here but you won't listen

Bodymax T60HR Motorised Treadmill running machine rrp £749  

feel like I can't just go straight into the new mount eerie record willy nilly. It must be the opportune moment

NCFC NEWS: RAte the players: What did you think of Norwich City’s performance in their 3-0 defeat at Huddersfield? 

Tired of the wack ass niggaz getting recognition, nomore games ! Y'all gonna know my name !!

It all begins on Thursday night. Pick out that PERFECT blue shirt 'cause FRIDAY is Wear Blue Day-in support of Chil… 

Shut your BLOODCLART mouth not every country a promote gays like di UK dem have a small smutty mind can't cook an everyting bout dem DEAD

Hhaha y'all think our generation is fucked wait till our kids are raised  

Belgian F16 strike on March 17. #Belgium probes #Mosul airstrikes that killed 200 civilians | Daily Mail Online 

Going to the career fair made me realize how much I really don't know what I want to do the rest of my life  

I swear to fucking Christ, WHAT REPORT?! 

They asked him, if he could think out of the box, while interviewing him, and made him sit in the cubicle, for the rest of his life !!

  letmebepetty: I hate when he cries like a little bitch   it’s ugly. 

Drinking wine on National Beer Day...cause I'm a fucking rebel. I also have no beer...

'Feet forward tears behind~Clinging longing clearing my mind...' Hope 4 #LovePoems  

My mom just dropped a bomb on me and I can't stop fucking shaking or thinking about it and I can't process it and please kill me

#youtube school girls fucked nepall sexi photo x x x 

once the caribbean area is included,which we could afford n absorb easily between us,our tourism/buisness would help them up as well

Brunette walks in on couple fucking in the kitchen and joins 

The Great American Jobs Boom Rolls on as Private Sector Creates 263,000 Jobs in March - Breitbart News 

In a commentary, Emily Allen and the Rev. Kent Ingram write about the 2016 Western Jurisdiction’s election of the... 

Hella out of the shoe game, but if I were to return I would prolly come back tough w/ todays release of them AJ IV's X Kaws. Yuuuuuck  

I ain't never asked for shit everything I have came from the risks ai had to take or Hard work.. Save that fuckery you call a struggle

Happy 19th birthday Parker. I'm so thankful to have had a friend like you, I'll always hold on to those memories fo… 

"A mans belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled." ~Proverbs 18:20

Happy National #TartanDay modern patterns designed for your biz or school! #culture #community #unity 

Just a reminder that there are no classes next week. We are back from 18th April onwards. Also don't forget our... 

How many cities could reasonably open an elementary school next to two stadiums? 

damn you for letting me hate those songs 

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

This is GOOD. This right here is really GOOD. My anniversary sweet treat for me. 15 years of… 

Is the RAF really that desperate for people to join way there constant advertisements on sound cloud

dallascowboys: Join the only coed hip-hop professional dance team in the NFL! Register to audition for DCRhythmBlu… 

get ur dog little foot covers for summer !! they look adorable and help their little feet to not get burned   

I've had guys that don't hold my hand !! And it's awkward as hell ! 

                          the replies to this tweet.....y'all fucked up! 

Scrolling through adobe stock photos for a book cover for a client and sometimes I want to write a story JUST so I can use a photo. Weird.

Number crunching for the past day - 2 new followers and NO unfollowers. Stats via 

#entertainment Watch Hollywood fantasy film here:  Better than watching #POTUS 

These social entrepreneurs prove giving back doesn’t have to affect their bottom lines 

#Cryptopocalypse : Cryptopocalypse NOW 01 04 2016,0.0  

Dude it the back of as about to shit himself    and he wasn't even the one doing it 

Avocados aren’t just for eating, you can have fun with them too! Check out our activities #AFMsweepstakes -… 

Wind 0.0 mph SW. Barometer 1013.68 mb, Steady. Temperature 69.2 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 77%

I Used To Get 25 Migraines A Month. Here's What I Did To Dissolve Them  #Fitness 

We like to think the UK is less class conscious, but advertisers seem to stick to the old class structure which is more complicated.

Championship time! South Carolina vs Mississippi State #wfinalfour #play4kay 

Update: Family of Minneapolis business owner facing child porn charges says he has degenerative brain disease. 

Any sympathy i would've had for hannah in 13 reasons why is stripped because of the tapes what a manipulative and fucked thing to do to peop

Idiot who swapped shifts so she could go out decides to have a sober… 

i dont really fuck with Logics, it disappointed me 

It was a great time to get chance to be in ALICE Masterclass. <3 Though I was confused with the critical graphs... 

I guess the string-pullers forgot they tried this fake Assad chemical weapons thing already a few years ago.

SportsCenter: Draymond Green gave an unusual reason for why he went after James Harden's injured left wrist on Fri… 

#broadcast This all you need for music share and listen  

CNNMoney: RT cnntech: "We have to use technology to make the process and people smarter. It's where manufacturing … 

#Castellammare #cowgirl bj #cougardating #domination bigboobs #skypeshow #cumshow fucking #kikit #nsfw 

A wild Dratini has appeared! It's IV is 48.89. Despawns at 16:35:12 (25m 29s). 

Boat Race 2017: When is it, what time does it start, where can I watch it and why is it on Sunday?  #breakingnews #…

The Courts have re-emphasised their encouragement to parties to try #ADR and #mediation #TheLegalHour 

Best 3-Pointers from the Rockets' Record Breaking Season | March 31, 2017  #MyMusicGrind 

2017, Day 89: Racism, misogyny, homophobia, and ethnocentrism are embraced by Trump administration. It's intentional divisiveness. #resist

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

I danced around so much this morning, that it's considered a work out. Now to negate all that work, homemade orange julius  

Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather 'to announce fight next week' with 'date and venue agreed'… 

Don't give up on people. Just bcz they aren't changing now doesn't mean they never will. Impossible is a myth.

Orioles sign Ryan Ripken, son of Cal Ripken Jr., to minor league contract  

cayden fucked hardcoreamateurspublic 

Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia by Elizabeth.. 

Oh fuck I'm so upset :'( :O =-O :-! I don't know any moreMore

#PakvsWI If you just woke up, Yes! Pakistan did end up loosing the 1st ODI, not a surprise at all. It seems 308 was not enough afterall.

10 pcs 19 mm Clear Round Cases Coin Storage Capsules Holder Round Plastic  

  sillysurgeon: fireb0y: He fat leave him the fuck alone!! 

Sunday #brunch isn't complete without a shot of whiskey and a few cold beers! 

Tessa MacDougall of Fundrazr discusses the rapid number of cites using crowdfunding for community projects. 

Back in the day when I knew mom was on her way home, I was worried about getting my meat out of something else... N… 

Pakistan asks Facebook and Twitter to identify Pakistanis outside country who post anti-Islam material 4 extradition 

Former Isabela lawmaker charged for alleged P20-M pork anomalies  InquirerMobile 

#LittyPalooza is back    Saturday April 29th   Foam Glow Sticks•Alcohol Gummy bears•3levels, 4 djs     .10

laying in the bed of the truck, looking up at the night sky, realizing how small we are and how much there is to explore

#laval vienna #doggystyleporn #valencia used #fountain fucked 

Baby wearing dance fitness class with Karyn tomorrow morning at 9:00AM. Come on up with your baby and give this a... 

Cheers mate, really good game of football! Could of gone either way tbh, see you later in season 

#babe fucking movies slip porno 

When you try and convince your friends that they'll like your new favorite band and realize it's only you rocking o… 

#NorthCarolina Halftime Stats Justin Jackson: 9 pts Kennedy Meeks: 14/5 Joel Berry II: 5 pts 

And no matter what relationship he's in, if I call him and say I need you smacked, you're fucking smacked lmfao no questions

Cafes dont refrigerate their tom sauce / ketchup - set urself and ur sauce free: dont refrigerate 

  YASSS It's time for a great show Swimgoggles20:#goodmorning #share  

A healthy and nutritious version of fries: Oven-Baked Sweet Potato Fries! Get the recipe:  

The blackberry reminds me of a small laptop..it is very Canadian...Canadians yall are very smart indeed...First Ste… 

Can't believe I turn 23 on Tuesday, that's all kinds of fucked up

Mommy Fucked My Boyfriend Amber 

[News Update] Martin Lawrence proposes to girlfriend with $500,000 engagement ring  | Visit  …

 #shoes Asics Cael V6.0 Mens WRESTLING Shoes Size 10.5 NEW CHARCOAL FIERY RED SILVER 

The speaker of our lectures' phone was hooked up to the projector and a girl airdropped pictures to him constantly… 

#HarryStyles Solo: Records 4 Songs Without One Direction, Steps Out With #HarryStyles 

Knowledge is better than wealth, because knowledge protects you while you protect wealth. [Hazrat Ali R.A]

...That disrespect that ppl love to play down, which is sometime so innocent that leads to all types of things!

don't come to me w/ your fakeness knowing you was just fucking w/ my ex   ‍ 

He wasn't ready to have to play under a coach who values grinders and pluggers over skill forwards. 

#JouwBaan #vacature 109739 Drivetrain/Hybrid design Engineer  #Toyota Motor Europe

Did Apollo Nida Cheat On Phaedra Parks? ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Star’s Fiancée Reveals How Their Romance S... 

You may wonder why the actions that once earned you recognitio... More for Leo 

The team coach was here when I arrived at 1.20 - incredible efficiency! #EUFC 

New WOMEN ELECTRIC SHAVER BIKINI LEGS EYEBROW TRIMMER SHAPER HAIR REMOVER tool  

Growth Story of EDMdesigner amd Groove's (Case Study with actionable tips and tricks) #startup #Growthhackingideas 

Hey Im Morgan. I am going to get married in a month and I want every single person to come. Details in my next tweet

When you find out that the guy you were talking to knocked up another girl.... fucking kill me   

Rand Paul Makes Fun of the Government’s Attempt to Make Tomatoes Taste Better (Via CNR) 

#Diets made up of predominantly whole foods reduce the #SaturatedFats in #FastFood. 

Almost 20 YEARS after their first meeting, TrueKofi reunited with Hall of Famer RealRickyMorton at #WrestleMania! 

#LA SupSpiderTalk : TheUltimateSpin JLWChambers JustKyleMc Instead of having to overlook the glaring problems with… 

All it takes is one slut testing me for me to realize how truly crazy I am over you.

Indian Lady Fucked By A Tourist 

They're perfect for each other...   They'd goof around and snuggle and do science and solve every problem they could...

#What are some Habits you Developed as a Kid and Carried into Adulthood?   ✓  ✓ April 01, …

Have the worst UTI. Whenever I go for a piss I hear Johnny Cash singing Ring of Fire. #dicklife #johnnycash #buttsex #fakenews #realnews

i dislike hateful bitches who are so full of themselves they think something good about someone but stay silent. Complements r a good thing.

Pussy Fucking Bedroom MILF Hoes 

The quickest way to do many things is to do one thing at a time. ― Christopher Westra #TeamFollowBack #RockTheReTweet #multitask #fail

If you don't mind fucking up this girl would like to suck my penis here

Though the other 3 contestants were against him, JAKE pulled out a surprise Dome win! The eliminee is.... 

French candidate Macron focuses attacks on Le Pen and her far-right party, which he calls "the party of hatred"…  A…

PREET, was gonna get him ....45, you could not be more obvious....you are a CHEAT and A FRAUD....OH YEAH, ILLEGITAMAT… 

Run to your favorite restaurants and support the Y's community programs! Pick up a race packet at Member Services t… 

himself in the end decided to let it pass just like a wind. ❝Yeah yeah. Whatever.❞ There, he sliced a p… 

Graphic Photos: Man allegedly hacks his mother to death in Edo State  

OK, English stuff that can't wait is done. Do I do more math or go to sleep? I don't think I can get it done in time if I sleep, so...

"Oh how I miss nights like this. Kitty loves to play rough." Smirks letting out a slight playfully purr getting ba… 

Reading many placement essays from SW students just now saying exactly same thing. Good policy is undermined by lac… 

// But that's literally the entire point of the game: to regret everything—— 

If curling up with a good book could be made more enjoyable, surely it would be to curl up with the bisuit of the b… 

12:01 PM EDT Weather by Hernando Beach, Florida Cam -West #PresenceApp  

can someone sum this up before i call this guy retarded 

OKAY BUT I JUST REALLY REALLY WANT WONWOO TO EAT WELL AND GAIN SOME MUSCLE BECAUSE THATD BE SO GOOD HIS HEALTH. PLEASE.

Every sixty seconds you spend angry, #upset or mad, is a full minute of happiness you’ll never get back.-Unknown 

Wtf my phone is cracked I didn't even drop it or anything. My fucking luck

i told shadin to listen to the buttertones because i thought she'd like them and her response was "that's a fake band name stop lying to me"

New post (May polls) has been published on  -  

As if their shitty drink wasn't enough reason to hate Pepsi. This blatant brainwashing is so capitalistic it hurts. 

It's actually a design course for the 4th semester and I'm only at the second one... but I wanted more design lectures

Fibre2Fashion - Cotton price increases on Karachi Exchange  

Like hell im deactivating! Dis account staying around forever fuckers hold my toxicity and bad opinions sons. 

#40LentPain Ran my first half today! 2:02 and had to walk some, but I'm super proud of myself :) 

um not even an hour into April fools day i got fucking rick rolled I hate all of my friends

Felony plugs her pathetic husband in the ass 

Jay Z: #HarryStyles can be the worldand#39;s biggest artist #HarryStyles  

I'm a lil drunk but I love all the ppl in my life n I can see all the karmic aspects in all my relationships n it's so perfect

Manchester City: Is Claudio Bravo one of the most disappointing transfers of Premier League season? - John Brewin … 

No GST shock: Government to exempt healthcare, education out of its ambit - Economic Times 

#5131 #Sales #Read #Book 100$  More Sales = Higher Commission Social Confidence System… 

LOOOOOOOOOOOOL IS THAT MICAH FUCKING RICHARDS? 

RT if you know someone who is fucking insane and can't be stopped.

You're an uncle fucker I must say, you fucked your uncle yesterday

Imagine being sold a PS4 off Ebay and it turns out to be a fucking Xbox One

Time to finish reading Flaubert's Parrot. I like how it is essentially a breakdown of the history of literary theory incorporated in plot.

 Plea to find phone filled with pictures and videos of late son, lost on visit to Warwick Castle

The FUCKING IRONY of a dude who invalidates nb folks claiming "I've never understood a world of absolutes where things either are/aren't."

The more I see of the human race the more welcoming WW3 gets. With any luck it will wipe the f*cking lot out 

dikke n hiary sappige kut luvs to get fucked en nutted infucked en nutted in 

Normani is the only well-rounded one in the group who actually has personality as well as likability I hope we see… 

This Japanese Breathing Technique Will Help You Lose Stomach Fat Fast!  

I think only one sketch I ever really did had a decent amount of queer stuff in it, and it was a rough, rough copy.

SHIP''S HATCH COVER MADE INTO A COFFEE TABLE In oak with steel suppo... Lot 1068  

the production value of this dandd video is through the roof for some reason 

Fuck everybody , I ain't worried about Nathaniel!!

New paper in ACS Nano on HfC: Synthesis and Electrochemical Properties of Two-Dimensional Hafnium Carbide 

boots were made for fucking 

RIP mr Rickles. Glad I was born to know the difference between comedy and p/c. The world was a better place then and we have lost a giant

#Bbkitten 24yo #titcam with Curvaceous body, 35G tits, Hazel eyes and Red hair. #LIVECAM >>… 

DSLWORD MINISTRIES MORNING DAILY DEVOTION Transformed By The Father's Love 1 John 2:15 If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father …

Cause you're in my fucking mentions pendejo si no me quieres aqui pos chingate and block me because your random ass c… 

Happy birthday momma!!!! You're my bestie for life and I love you sooooo much    

I know all the kids are pulling for a snow day, but am really hoping to get one more day in before Spring Break to get started on WWII

This Adorably Tiny Castle Just Hit the Market in the U.K. | Travel + ... - Travel+Leisure  #UK #Travel

This guy really just said "I have a safe amount of black friends" tf is that supposed to mean sir ?!

Sorry this is coming to you later but had some tech issues, anyway I hope you guys enjoy 

  allyuzurustuff: Yuzuru Hanyu World Figure Skating Championships 2017 EX Notte Stellata: The Swan   

Sick and tired if ppl not being able to speak freely without being called.... ..... Or, bs so called freedom of speech in the West. Fdap

And yet his tickets in Berlin have been sold for ridiculously huge amount of money, min. €100 per ticket. 

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

Leaders pledged to get more women into work. Email them now to ask them to pair words with...  #globalcitizen

If I ever go broke I'll take your money your mother fucking money bitch. 

  oneparame: Feeling “Blue” isn’t always a bad thing #knowUrNegroes #DILF #scruff #gaybeards... 

I'm SO happy for harry! He wrote an incredible song! And the melody/beat of the song suits his voice SOOO well

Xbox Project Scorpio specs officially revealed - Today is a big day for the gaming world, as Microsoft has fina... 

Death of man at Southeast Side apartment being treated as homicide, police say 

This is India, Hindu culture and democracy else you will be beheaded by now if at somewhere else.    

theres so many other things that deserve so much more attention...the" world leaders" are real life actors and we all play into their lifeline

It's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today... More for Aries 

Theresa May, u are Islamophobic Racist Bitch.U cant b an inspiration 4 anyone let alone women in Saudi Arabia. SO SHUT THE FUCK UP. #UK #KSA

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

I love this video! #IDF soldiers teaching a Palestinian boy a song - watch them singing together! Don't miss... 

Whoever Router name is ASUS ya fucking up the Wifi in my room  

bring your love baby i could bring my shame. bring the drugs baby i could bring my pain. i got my heart right here i got my scars right here

HEYEY UPDATE ON MY WEBCOMIC due to my health/time I've decided to pursue it as a book to publish instead? But its still a thingthing!!

Oddish - 100.0% (15/15/15) Razor Leaf / Moonblast [Riverside] unkn Civil Bend Ct 57049 till 11:51:46am (29m 30s) 

Outdoor Education in Girl Scouting – Girl Scouts of the USA  

4PCS 1.4M Modern Flowers Hand-painted Frameless On Canvas Wall Art Oil Painting  

hayfestivalRT thebookseller: Prize-winners speaking at this year's hayfestival include Sebastian Barry, SwearyLady… 

What's everybody is talking about this morning #CabinetReshufle and a lot of people are pissed off. Prepare for the bad or for the worse.

You might be puzzled today when you realize that your plans ar... More for Aries 

Today is just one of those days where I want to punch my sister through the fucking wall  

If this ain't the story of my fucking life though. They need to make steroid type of Claritin or some heroin type Z… 

Watch out for pranks - today is #AprilFoolsDay! What's the best practical joke you've pulled? 

I'm getting flashbacks from the day HFTW's video was released. My heart was exploding. I had missed Bey so much :(

Judge: Lawsuit Accusing Trump, Campaign Of Inciting Violence At Rally Can Move Forward 

When Monday brings you an $800 plumbing bill, you need something to make you smile again, like… 

Energy Future Holdings' bonds dive 65 pct in 6 mos. Regulators dealt a blow on Thursday  $NEE 

Carolina needs to run clock but not just have Berry go iso with less than eight on the shot clock. He ain’t right tonight.

#JenniferLawrence �� The Hunger Games ~ Blue-Ray ~ Complete 4-Film #Movie Collection ~ NEW! ��… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Davyback Fight!! Straw Hats vs. Foxy Pirates!  #TreCru 

#architecture #interiordesign #deco Kitchen of the Week: A Something Old, Something New Kitchen in Brooklyn 

Have you had your workout today? . You better... or I'll come after you! . Do I see a subtle… 

Psalms 23:4 Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I w... 

Is the fallacy that #cleanenergy is clean and doesn't involve massive embodied energy A) the right amount of harmful, or B) too harmful?

Girl like 5 recommendation letter a story how u gonna change the world test scores interviews strong GPA okay baby… 

Local hemp merchant won’t seek medical marijuana license.  

689:37 Take time to pause; and by the next new moon,-- The sealing-day betwixt my love and me #AMNDBots

Former Congress MLA Ambrish Gautam joins BJP - New Delhi, April 3 (IANS) Former Delhi Congress MLA Ambrish Gaut... 

The most rewarding things you do in life are often the ones that look like they cannot be done. -Arnold Palmer

Working on a few practice doodles of the style I'll be working in for my live drawing tomorrow! You guys can... 

didn't this psychic predict trumps impeachment for July it's fucking lit

Voter ID has been upheld by the courts, murdering babies is evil, it's not a Muslim ban, those are some bullshit co… 

It's April aka "Sexual Assault Awareness Month Take a moment out of your life and think about what you can do to... 

Is it the right time for you to start doing #ConversionRateOptimization? Find out in 5 steps:… 

Remember when I tried to catch Jordan up on Scandal but he was literally next to me watching it yesterday...    #oops

Prashant Pradushan(Bhushan)-mentally corrupt, Spiritually Bankrupt - Shame on him for His mindless thought about Lord Krishna.

)Exquisite Photos From Mercy Johnson's Inauguration As SSA To Kogi State Governor (Photos) 

Our first "chill night" on this vacation! Plus my favorite dinner is cooking! Thanks Mom! Great movie... 

Tim Mcgraws expression to FGL busting out the everybody dance routine was my exact reaction and face  

 VINTAGE Men's Suit LIGHT GRAY BLUE STRIPE Winter Weight Wool 44" CHEST 32" WAIST

You would have to be a FOOL to want Muslim Immigration ! Unless , you really don't care about your people ! 

Lithuania fears Russian propaganda is prelude to eventual invasion “They are saying our capital Vilnius should not… 

High specification #office space located at The Clervaux Exchange, #Jarrow to #let. Call 01642 987987 to view 

why did i watch terror in resonance i cant stop crying, i didnt deserve this kind of sadness i love nine and twelve 

That's what they want, and it is even more important for President Zuma to exercise his constitutionally given righ… 

Sharing stories establishes the fact that victims are not afraid to speak out against perpetrators, they #AskedForIt 

4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Close your trembling eyes, come deep into my arms, trust yourself to me I make you love me, if I have you, all day, always

New Delhi: One dead in head-on sports bike collision  

$CXE Monday analysis: 50% chance of closing lower than $5.02 .More details available on #apple store: 

Advice for #Millennials: Stop demanding a Whole Foods and night clubs in every town you live in. The property value… 

Amazing city "Trang"eat delicious traces of the dragon Don't miss "Emerald Cave - Koh Kradan"paradise of sea lovers… 

Can't even deny I feel quite fucking disappointed. Staying at someone's house for THEIR sake in the living room and they're...

my thesis is essentially: the opening scene is important bc we see that agamemnon is a dick and achilles is up his own ass

I fell asleep watching BoJack Horseman and I just opened my laptop and I guess this is where Netflix cut me off las… 

Buy the O'Mara family name pub t-shirt here. All colors!  

#3Novices : Global stocks spooked, safe assets jump after US missile strike on Syria  The US dollar dropped as much…

and i feel like im ethier coming off as annoying or the person just dosnt care. and i understand if they arent intersted but it fucking suck

How this author be writing a weird concept and it just works so fucking well I'm fuckigng shitting

Trying to apply for an acting course which starts in a few weeks and it won't let me sign up. Does the world always have to be against me?

IM IN FUCKING TEARS DAN WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 

f you don’t build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs. Dhirubhai Ambani

haha i should do chemistry like i cook like i literally just got an idea!! what happens if you combine bleach and ammonia? :D

Busty MILF Tit Fucked and Creamed 

"When you've got a wave of people coming in your face you'd be angry too!" Fuck sake Neil! I thought they just fought!?

LOOK AT FUCKING BABY NIKKI I'M LAUGHING 

Going through some photos from my last trip south. Beautiful abstract markings at a rock face at… 

Thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment... More for Libra 

PADDYPOWER-12/1 Man City to beat Arsenal, new customers,winnings are credited in free bets + TandC's apply… 

Sub milf deepthroating and fucking in bdsm  

I hate ungrateful ass ppl. I swear   

Ugh I'd have to do so much self-improvement to find love again and I just don't know if I want it that much.

at first, I thought that I can get over this but in the end, nothing seems to change from the very first day I met you..

Today in the news, women are so weak they can't even argue for better pay off of their proven work experience. 

holy shit this is literally the​ comic from the loss.jpg meme mogai was a mistake 

NATIONAL FUCKING CHAMPS BABY!!!! #FUCKGONZAGA #FUCKDOOK #FUCKKENTUCKY

:16 Eye Blacks For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him... 

Watch "Aaj Ka Tarka " live streaming here :) #Daily6pm  #aajentertainment 

When God allowed other nations to live with the Israelites, the divine punishments for misbehavior got more creativ… 

Since when does a president need to 'consult with Congress' to use the powers he already has, that were granted him in Article 2?

When you're so fucking tired of hearing Donald Trump and his bs administration but you need to be politically aware… 

Sunny Leone The young Alicia Poz sucks a guy in public and fucks at home !: The young Alicia Poz sucks a…  #BigTube

The real story about #Syrian gas attacks no one is talking about. Were the victims Assad's political opponents? I might steal that idea.

If ydu're doing FF (Follow Friday), focus on 1-3 users per Tweet and give a good reason for peopleito follow them.

21. their smiles, both confidence and shy awkwardness when it comes to socializing, the way they hold and portray themselves, and affection.

"I was fucking with them niggas youbwas fucking with them hoes.... who cares"

CD IN NYLONS FUCKED BY MARINE 

That reasoning is pathetic imo. Why go into a relationship that easily so that you could move on? Sarili mo lang ni… 

“We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.” Franklin D. Roosevelt #putkids1st

I should post how u be in my message den let's see if ya girl still fucking with you   

NASA is Already Prepared to Announce Extraterrestrial Life: Protocols are in Place -- Partial Disclosure? (Ivan) Just imagine if SETI tele…

And they have no problem with footing an unnecessary security bill for billionaires... 

MICHONNE IM WAITING FOR YOUR ASS TO MOVE AND KILL THE FUCKING BITCH THAT SHOT YOUR HUSBAND TY #TWDFinale

I have zero respect for #susanrice but she is not the current danger to our country 

"BNP Paribas' announcement is proof that the fight continues!" #noDAPL #divest #WaterIsLife #WednesdayWisdom… 

So Pepsi apologised for the ad. But still the world has #BlackLivesMatter movements. Who are we fighting ? 

a pocket of stones each perfect in their own skins smooth rough small big a lil less a lil more all perfectly fit together n a one pocket

No, I don't want to come to your cat's birthday party...freak. My dog is getting married that weeken 

freja is asleep on facetime and she is so precious my heart aches i cANT wait to fall asleep and wake up next to her again soon

bad bitch level bradley james 

little did I know the next three days would be the absolute worst days of my life how wild is that 

Do re mi fa so fucking done with you boy So fucking done with all the games you play

Canape eves, corporate events, private dinner parties... let's have a chat. #chef #London. 

You can buy this boat from me for 7 million dollars or you have to stay on this island forever.   Läuft. #GoodbyeDeutschland

Accident in #SeWashingtonDc on DC-295 NB after Pennsylvania Ave, jammed back to 11th St Brg, delay of 4 mins #DCtraffic

Breaking News: JAMB Suspends 2017 UTME Registration… See Details  

If you like getting choked during sex that doesn't make you a "goth girl" that just mean you like getting choked you stupid bitch

This persons officially now a fool. Dont debate or clown with idiots 

i didnt trust myself, him or the process like i should've and fucked it up 

Do you have a hard to buy for man in your life? Check this out its the perfect #mangift  #mancave #giftsformen

very sick... fever... swollen lymph nodes... feel like death... love you all... E4K update when I'm coherent...

shemales with monster cocks fucking women 

that 400bil in savings means less labor cost. less people getting hired. while population grow. capital owner share of income keep on rising

um i cant fucking find the stelena plot twist vine im looking for

Ain't nobody fucking with me and I put that on their MOTHERS life !

66611 started on 08/01/2015 Reached its destination ERS and was 55 Mins Late 

Manchester United have gone 20 games unbeaten since October, and have moved from 6th to 6th. #Respect

Fucked bareback by my apartment leasing agent 

All I found out yesterday was that I'm the prettiest ugly Nigga out hurrrrrr

Dirty talking cheating milf has a thing for rimjobs and anal sex 

tell me why each wave of heartthrob boybands comes with a fandom of girls 4-8 years younger, like I'm not complaining bc I'm guilty but idg

This picture was brought to you by Starbucks Coffee and Abs-Cbn mobile #ShowtimeChiLLaxFriday 

Todays women aka Sluts have degenerated into Sleaze and Sex. No wonder Country is going downhill morally. 

But when the customers are gone and u can speak 2 ur coworkers again it good,,,,,,bc theyre the same i love them

Keagan is a princess on her birthday and we celebrate the hell out of it. I have this vision of her sad and disappointed.

Expert Says: Intelligent people go to bed late, leave a mess everywhere, and use bad language 

#marketing has evolved into live streaming, check it out |  

I really hate when people try to tell me to not talk about my dad in a certain way because he's "still my dad"...

Fucking UK Tourist in Peruvian hotel 

#NowPlaying Sixty Days by Matthew Huff. Listen on  Stream  #Country

| Hey! Look I'm in need of - a Regina, Henry, Cora -RP is based off the Fic PopcornLove -Feel free to Dm me if your interested -RT pls!!!

Absolutely amazing: HH Azur and McLain Ward are the 2017 World Cup Champions 

Colore Oil Paint Set (Set of 24): Colore Oil Paint Set (Set of 24) by Colore 2,403% Sales Rank in Arts, Crafts and… 

Man he got them fucking burners         

"••Jackelin" by southern-prep-gals  liked on Polyvore featuring NIKE, Champion and UGG Australia 

Ex-Cyclone Debbie: Australia floods force more evacuations - BBC News  

Sen. Cristina Castro: anxiety over immigration is felt by everyone including young schoolchildren. We need to pass TRUST now. #WelcomingIL

Where are all the famous people I see on TV asking for monthly donations to stop animal abuse? Am I to believe what you say? Then show up!!!

Thanks for following us on Twitter. We are working hard to provide exciting music education in our community. #Don… 

#xxx drawn sex teenagers fucking 

The Philippine justice system is a fucking joke. 

Jacobs been asleep ALL FUCKING DAY 

One of my fave bits from the Polling London data. Londoners become more sanguine about effect of Brexit, the closer… 

God, how I want to feel the #cock inside yourself ! Find my name here  

Throwing her shells on the floor like a fucking savage! #PistachioPassengerShaming     [photo credit:... 

learning someone i worked with died, the tragic kind, made me feel bad 4 not being able 2 visit 'em and repay the kindness they have given.

But! Football Club : Ballon dOr : Neymar ne met pas la pression sur #Messi et Cristiano Ronaldo 

GAINESVILLE: Man arrested after pulling knife on bar bouncers.  

Niggas be scared to show the love they got for they girl. Like, what you don't wana look lame or? What is it!

Mat 9:4 (NIV) "Knowing their thoughts, Jesus said, "Why do you entertain evil thoughts in your hearts?" #GospelRuka #SaturdayJamShow

DONE. WITH. THE. TERM. THANK YOU LORD FOR THIS CRAZY YET FRUITFUL TERM!!!

KPLR: Trump adviser Michael Flynn’s bid for immunity shot down by House and Senate 

JOANNA STERN IS SO FUCKING ANNOYING PLEASE STOP DOING THIS

NASA : DaFlorenceEvans Actually, that's a picture of the Sarychev Volcano erupting in 2009: …… 

Just sat a Trump Dumpster call the Steve Bannon removal story "Fake news." They really live in an alternate reality.

1973 TV Guide Dec 8 Mary Tyler Moore - Kentucky Edition NO MAILING LABEL Excellent Lightly Used by.. 

AdventureQuest3D is the huge MMORPG you can play on a phone or PC  #android #google

$1.1B Malabu oil scandal: FG seeks arrest warrant for ex-AGF Adoke -  

Future Zelda games will have an open-world design, says producer Eiji Aonuma  

We have discovered that both Tampa stations, 93.3 FLZ and Hot 101.5 DO NOT play Lady. If you were in the radio contest with them as +

this weather is making everything feel grimy like can it stop fucking raining for a minute

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

- Sessions w/ Tot b bout havin babies, how 2 make fake crack andand older niggas ( I ] b high andand confused...lmfaaaaaao

These images are devastating. These people are living and dying in ACTUAL HELL and we refuse refugees. Just sick to m… 

You can join us that day and enjoy a day of education #makeup #makeuplover #makeupstore… 

Aghhh! This two-faced bitch Pudding.     Freaking hate her.    #OnePiece #OnePiece861 

Boy fucking fleshlight and cums on the floor 

Lewerke with a very impressive first drive. Finds fullback Collin Lucas for a 3 yard touchdown. Lewerke went 78 yards in 9 plays

SALUTE TO MY EXTENDED FAMILY SHOTTA FROM "RUDE BOYZ " DJ EVVAFROSS FROM " FROSSLYFE PROMOTIONS… 

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

This 15-Year-Old Girl Did Over 17 Plastic Surgeries - Get Ready To Be Shocked! 

Feeling blustery and cold tonight-even with current temps in the 40s for the valley. Winds out of the west are sustai… 

#adults with asperger's bangladeshi girl fucking in the boat 

Lmfaooo it was all pink from ur strawberry starbucks drink. I have never been so scared and ran so fast 

Free People NEW Blue Indigo Womens Size Medium M Denim Shift Dress $129 526  

Have you recorded yourself doing a dope freestyle on Facebook? Post your Facebook freestyle videos in the comment below.

Can't trust the extreme greens to tell the truth #auspol #fakenews is their only weapon 

Your WCW scoffs and cuts her eyes when she hears "Cash money records taking over for the 99 and 2000"

feedingjoy: jodijeannine #MissionSaved - For just a moment, stare at this post, look at your profile and realize how great life really is..…

The whole world saw it now. We can't trust Esad nor jihadists. There is only 1 solution: Democratic Federal Syria ---> SDF

Even tho I'm the oldest we'll second oldest lol cuz auntie old af they still treat me An cater to me like the youngest lol   ‍ 

In addition to being an excellent actress, Katherine also has a beautiful voice. What a talent. 

Jose Mourinho wants to sign these two world-class strikers for Man United – report 

Syrian ally Iran blasts U.S. missile strikes as 'dangerous, destructive and a violation of international law'… 

This is two policies 1. Free school meals for all 2. Taxing private education. Should look at pros and cons of each 

Kayakers! Registration is now open for kayak storage at the Glen Cove Municipal Boat ramp.  

It's as if the filter between your thoughts and your spoken wo... More for Cancer 

You may wonder why the actions that once earned you recognitio... More for Leo 

Bits of #startup news from the middle. We call it the Middle Bits. Catch up on the past week here: 

This album had some fucking bangers!!!    

i'm gonna fucking ruin you 

Manilow is on his last leg (of his final tour) #BarryManilow #BarryManilow  

Sales Training Spotlight: The Impact to the CEO of the Ineffective Sales Person 

Watch me get fucked missonary and doggystyle! 

But only one mortal body! #habeascorpus #noBodynorights! #endCorporateIdolatry #endowedbytheircreator 

Few photos from Abbey Rangers Reserves v Sheerwater Reserves #football #futbol #voetbal #soccer… 

Here we go again, let's cry about something else now, I'm so offended. My sensitivity meter is off the charts. 

could be triggering but i always post pics of food on my snapchat to fool people into thinking im eating well

This is the ultimate friendship test! #BoardKings   

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

"There are a thousand thoughts lying within a man that he does not know till he takes up a pen to write." KISSES AngSunshineNamin

Five things to know about Donald Trump's meeting with Egyptian president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi  #Egypt #مصر

WOW I'm really glad that Belmont put a hold on my account the day before registration even though I owe them $0 :-) HA HA HA

JAP Battle (EXPLICIT) - "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend"  Awe Snap, Scarsdale!!! 

Why bring your anger out on others when you can be happy and focus on the positives regardless of any situation   

What a special day, for those of us who are #transgender today gives us a chance to represent for those who can't 

Me fucking and spanking my ex 

Fucking my vallejo bitch in bathroom 

Current Red Deer Weather: 5°C Clouds, Humidity: 80%, Windspeed: 9 km/h  #reddeer #reddeerweather

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Beijing, TJ for now (09h28m01s UT): 01°02'53.6'' #Libra (AC) / 01°12'08.9'' #Cancer (MC)

#sex with mom vids group fucking movies 

for a long time I've been a one-woman show felt lucky and almost guilty enough having help from my family + never asked for help

At only 22 years old , yesterday Adrien Rabiot played his 150th game with PSG! Futur… 

this is so fucking me i'm screaming 

I've just watched episode S01E01 of Sherlock #Sherlock  

[SALE] Candle Stand with beaded Shade SOLID BRASS 7.5" tall made in  visit our ebay store 

Attendance at last night's HOF ceremony was late arriving as many stayed in their hotels to watch LJCW Superstars before going to the arena.

12 Mouth-Breathing Idiots on Facebook Getting Rightfully Put In Their Place  #failbook #rt

RT if u want ur man pussy fucked  #fucktoy #femdom #cuckold 

When Twitter indicates you have replies to ya tweet. But when you open that shit up... 

"When I was down and fucked up all I heard was "that's crazy" !!!! "

I'm playing #CashEncounters from #ReflexGaming on my iPad!  

my parents said they're gonna make us all learn a rap on vacay for family bonding... can they be any more white?

WI 2nd Inns 29/1 (5 ovs) C Walton 15(16) M Samuels 6(8) Target: 133  #WIvsPAK #cricket 2nd T20I

Thrashing her nasty gazoo and then fucking doggy style 

It can only get lower. End the fascist agenda of the conman and the GOP terrorists that are destroying the 99%.... 

60% of Americans believe MSM reports fake news – poll  

Can you recommend anyone for this #job in #Patterson, CA?  #gopenskecareers #Automotive… 

The hunt for undiscovered drugs at the bottom of the sea  

Notice how the establishment is using this opportunity to dump all the blame for our MASSIVE surveillance state... 

North Korea fires. IF U THOUGHT U WER GETTING AWAY W THIS PERVERSION ON A CHIP TECHNICALITY. U R SO FUCKING DELUSIONAL. GET IN YOUR BOMB SHE

2008 Bowman Chrome Xfractor Jacob Hester RC Chargers 40/250  

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

In case you missed it... insider stock info is on corp proxy (DEF14A) on  or  #grantchat

" Justin Trudeau replies to this question on Quora : "What is your stance on AI research given Canada's privileged… 

Have you seen the current young people America, the kids born around the turn are not gonna fight. They buy the Muslim looking new shirts.

Fifteen years ago your dad should have bought condoms.Happy Birthday Pu$$y $layer 

Just one in four adults eat their five a day, #NHS say. Do you #eat your five a day?  

Participating in a group, whether with friends or family, is a... More for Pisces 

I thought the weather was going to be bad today .ugh! I could've went to Troy and got my cap and gown ..   

Would you ever pose intimately with a stranger? These people did! #9 will make you laugh! 

god i always read everyone's links but i forget to like the pinned tweet if there is one so if i see i haven't liked yours i will eventually

After doing a load of laundry and finding the other sock of a pair you washed, still in the hamper  

God’s presence empties self and leads to surrender. You cannot be in God’s presence and maintain a focus on self #GoodMonday #Victory #Peace

i'm turnt up, im fucked up, I smell like kush cologne—yo bitch won't leave me alone... tell that bitch stop callin my phone

Liberan nuevo trailer de Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia  

There is no such. You can have multi personalities, but you are still those people. You are what you think, and w… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Killer rabbits?! Amazing fauna on one winter isle!  #TreCru 

I hate how often I have to skip out on joining games because of my Xbox being in the living room. Mic would pick up too much noise.

More EXPRESS on last link. Trump did an 'unforgivable act of aggression': North Korea ramps…… 

Alright #FlatEarth folks... it's #AprilFoolsDay. You can finally tell us you were just teasing. 

OM SHRI GANESHAYA NAMAH VIVO IPL T20 2017 FRREEEE TRIAALLL FOR ALL FOLLOWERS UPDATE DATE : 6th APRIL 2017 UPDATE... 

At this moment, there's a used tube of a miraculous 2000 yr old sunscreen lying buried somewhere in the middle east… 

And our thoughts and our feelings and all that real shit, somebody I can kick it with and know when I'm stressin I'm still gon be good

You can't keep getting a allowance from me and when they start fooling with drugs all s*** it's like when do I get my time

Jesus fucking Christ my queen is everything 

Nowt wrong with a bit of show-boating every now and again. 2017 Tour of Flanders gallery by Léon van Bon #ronde… 

Oh that's a triple three six, isn't she a devil worshipper because I'm too fucking ignorant to do some research

Crissy fucked by her School Teacher 

Sometimes I really be wanting to fight him then I realize I'm gone lose so I just start ignoring him 

bitch it should be cold on easter so i could step out in my baddest outfit

Wow, I had to slow down and breath and become more quiet to see the last three. Especially had a hard time with... 

We just lost in a perfect game and now my team is playing and dancing to music in the locker room and I'm pissed....like whut.

This #job might be a great fit for you: Part Time Nabisco Merchandiser - Castle Rock, CO -  #Sales #CastleRock, CO

Found a Transponder Snail! Battle rages in Upper Yard! Shandians vs. "Kami"!  #TreCru 

IT'S AN "EIN"RADIO / "WE:FUNK" RADIO THANG :) FROM "ROBINLYNNES PRODUCTIONS" :) 

hello minister I would like to request you one thing Hon minister, we are young people from different countries of world we need to meet

IMPORTANT QUESTION: how early does one start applying for jobs in a within-the-year goal destination city?

The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.

His girlfriend gets mad if a chick says whore but let's this man say cunt #IRONY 

Town uses little girl's favorite color to rally around her after she lost leg to infection 

VodafoneIN: Aerobrainocosmo Please visit the nearest Vodafone Stores with Valid ID proofs to convert from postpaid to prepaid connection...…

#bbcdp What IS the update on that story about Dodgy-Dave and that pig, while she's in the studio. .. .... yet again. 

[VIDEO] The goalkeeper football most provocative of the world.  

Nah I can't get over that spurs result wtf...Arsenal would probably have got a draw even that would've been a big ask yh I'm triggered

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

1871 is building a new Internet of Things incubator - Chicago Tribune - Chicago Tribune 

didn't bought the Subaru Legacy B4 Twin Turbo when it was offered for 1.9mil, now its worth 3.3 million, I'm such an idiot

Only time I've done an April Fool I was 22. I spent a morning telling people that no, I wasn't with my crushes in a suite at the Landmark...

This stupid bitch gonna end up dead.. she needs a wake up call before she ends up doing something stupid to the wrong person.

Merthyr Tydfil local council elections 2017: These are all the people standing #Wales  

The tyre place has a viewing room so I can watch the very 1st set of new shoes go on my car   I'm there for all of her milestones   

The best band in the history of mankind gets inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame tonight #PearlJam 

♪ Listen! Do you want to know a secret? Do you promise not to tell? Oh-o-ohh oh closer! Let me whisper in your ear: Legion isn't very good ♫

People that jump a red light irritate the fuck out of me. Now I must nearly die because you wanna be stupid. Nah.

I canny believe that "sandwiches" here are actually 10ft tall burgers served wae a bowl of chips the size ae ma heed

Happy Retirement Grand Chief ....but the farewell first. Another Pacific Great 

Open door pooping is too much for me. That's my private time. I don't want to share my private poop time with anyone!

Ooooohhh mansplaining! Where'd you feminists learn this sexist term? Misandry 101?  #MansplainedSongs

⒍ Martin Luther King ⒎ #VillaSoldati ⒏ Siria ⒐ #MañanaSylvestre ⒑ Ramiro Funes Mori 2017/4/4 10:32 ART #trndnl 

#girls like getting fucked sex taxi episodes 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

The fact that she was even asked this question makes me want to launch myself into the fucking sun. 

#KareenaKapoorKhan SPOTTED outside a gym after a yoga session!   #SimplyAmina #BollywoodBlog #BollywoodGirl... 

Recall that white space, written cues, graphic aids, balance, proportion, and consistency are important factors in effective document design

Ah I see, Spain speaks Spanish and so does Argentina so the two situations must be exactly the same *head hits desk*

let us pray for their souls.. RIP sa aking kumare.. Arsineth Amoto and her friend., guys.. please.. be careful... 

It's April Fools: I believed one of my bffs that someone I know went to the hospital because of a car accident and I fucking bounced

Mike Pence Breaks Senate Tie To Allow States To Defund Planned Parenthood - The Huffington Post 

The people of #JournalSquare #NJ ? We give two thumbs-up...so would this gentleman if not for #BoulevardDrinks… 

Look out New York City! Human Telegraphs are coming for you  !!  

Philippine clinic uses Wolverine to sell circumcisions  

The entire Trump Administration are just blatant liars. The truth is elusive with these people. Worst part, they know they're lying.

#NOWPlaying Buddy Rich/Rich, Buddy Orchestra/Sammy Davis, Jr. - Marley Palmer - Come Back To M ON Islandunited100.9FM

What a fucking horrible week this has been and today has just topped it off     #needanewjobasap

A new study finds that the secret to Trump's success is...his good looks?  

I've been thinking about during that damn movie I hate when people follow me srry if I'm late.

some shit ill do to my annoying, diva, brats, nerve racking, ugly, stupid, demon ass sisters 

hassan nasrallah also here too, see's trash can, looking for pizza!!! how in the hell is the bad guys on the americn soil!!

Chase after me, as a panorama that rises into view Far better than a choir, a shooting star Will sing now, shine upon me, SPiCa

Personal Branding Or A Corporate Branding As A #RealEstate #Investor – Which is Better?  

#NFL Wire: From big names to key reserves: Five players who will impact the NHL playoffs  

 Look at this crap headline. The rules were returned to pre 2003 when Dems changed the rules to block Bush appointe… 

Justin Trudeau Challenges Matthew Perry To A Rematch Of Elementary School Fight - 

Democrats won 66 million votes besides your base fucking everything up in 2016, We were stronger together before No… 

Huma's emails in unsecured server contained classified Inf and she has ties 2the...  by... 

35 memes you should send to your childhood BFF right now  

Any girl who sticks by you when you dont have nothing is the same girl you need to have when you have everything...

I've successfully watched nature documentaries on sharks and bees all day instead of writing this paper that's due Wednesday.

#BongaWorks | Heart Stroke | For #CamDating | #2017-04-06, #AlexysAmore 25 years old from somewhere in Earth ;):… 

BAM! And with that Vegas I'm off, got a flight to catch and a decent cup of tea waiting for me in Toon 

 #nowplaying Bob Dylan - "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" in #1000oldies #slow #60s

Lmaaaoo I fucking hate you 

visit mi site Jav Idol Schoolgirls Fucked By Masked Man In There Classroom Creampies For All Outrageous: Jav Idol…… 

I’m trying to sleep, but I can’t stop thinking about all the things you could do to me if you were with me right now.

Enter for a chance to win a $250 Amazon GC in Rafflecopter's Spring 2017 #Giveaway    

never did too good in class tests; because I'd have to show on the board how I got my answers and that would've meant drawing me cheating...

A long but great read about the mind's connection to illness and sinister mythologies that still persist, in some f… 

Hon PM in a Metro Rail in New Delhi !! He has the energy which inspires us !! 

I really hate that girl who shares a class with me! Like she keeps mistaking my answers in the lecture in front of my crush! FFS fuck off!

im gonna keep posting this til a get a follower check it out its good music 

#PSEi update: PSEi ends week on sluggish note | Inquirer Business -  

petiet fucking women youporn 

daveaglick : 6/17-18 Paris AI Big Data Cloud Boot Camp -  Ref 70-483: Programming in C# : 

everrrrrryyyyybbbbooooddddyyyyyyyy (yeah ahhh) rock your bodyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy (yeah ahhh) #ACMs

And I'm not just saying this as a yogurt-weaving environmentalist. The residential streets near my parents' house a… 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

This #job might be a great fit for you: Assistant Manager-Retail Jewelry -  #Retail #Rockaway, NJ #Hiring

04-06 Barry Manilow cancels tour dates after emergency surgery ##BarryManilow 

The #grimmbrothers #hightea date with susyq104   The #fairytale #theme was a nice touch. The… 

How can we engage with Melbourne's (digitally exchanged) bark to think otherwise with bark and burls in our place?… 

Today marks the end of daylight savings and it’s time to change your clocks and check your smoke alarm.... 

''Yet if anyone suffers as a Christian, let him not be ashamed, but let him glorify God in this matter.'' -1Peter 4:16

Just when the water starts to boil the FSDOH TURNS off the Heat... #HireAGraduate #HireANurse 

It's a second new musical instrument for me in as many weekends! #Guitar #Oboe #Music 

Wargamers are a fucking plague on this world. Like the worst bit of gaming but cranked up to 11 by isolation and snobbery.

debating if I wanna go too St. Paul today or stay in dirty ass Minneapolis  .

i have 90 more pages to read and annotate..... i wanna crawl into fetal position and cry for the rest of the night

Calgary Flames Come Together and Make a Fast Turnaround  

"The Modern Family Star Ariel Winter Shares Sexy Snaps While Clutching A Cigar On Beijing Night Out 

COMMUTER ALERT: Drive home could get messy, with snow/rain on its way:  

"Our capacity to do harm is far greater" U can say that again. And how has govt "disingenuously" resourced defence? 

Two blond princesses fucked together 

So it's pouring raining outside. Bout to walk out the building this girl in my class calls me so she can get under my umbrella...

We actually have DNA proof of Bill Clinton's sexual assaults. This chick is stupid. And probably fat. 

I miss the Lucero that would be up at 6 am without an alarm ready to take on the day....gonna go find her brb

The Five Behaviors of a Cohesive Team - Does your team have all five?  

I'm fucked up, homie you fucked up But we gonna be aight!!

I'd take dan phil and my fav mutuals. Also an internet connection and electronics 

Panda   stages of growth since the moment of his birth until the arrival of the age of 100 days #AlzaenTransmilenio 

Lost - a gold necklace either on the evening of Saturday 24 March in Crosspool. Have you seen it? More info here > 

Y'all like getting spit on when somebody fucking y'all? 

#inspiration You are indebted to you imagination for three-fourths of your importance. -David Garrick #quotes #followme  

If I fucked up and sent Austins gift to the wrong PO box I'll just have to hope they send it bck to me and I'll just give it to him in person

Very Lovely Multi Cut Stones .925 Silver Free Shipping Pendant S.7.50 CM  

I feel so full of ambition lately it's craaaazy. Your mind rewards you when you cut out toxic people from your life I swear  

my dog is sleeping peacefully with a smile on his face.. must be nice to be completely unaware of the horror nightmare happening as we speak

I swear to god whatever day I choose to get my hair done, it rains. every. single. time. every time!

Paul Ryan says tax reform plan could take even longer than healthcare reform  #happeningnow

One For Arthur was definately one for Cathy...Treated myself to a lovely dress in Clifton Village boutique for travel adventures   

Trump to unveil $1 trillion infrastructure plan in 2017: Official  #WallStreet #CNBC 

And Debbie is now sorry for exposing her lack of basic Nigerianness ? Her self esteem is on vacation and needs an u… 

Inheritance tax is toxic. We need new ways to tackle inequality | Polly Toynbee 

BREAKING – NBC Report: U.S. Military Has Launched Over 50 Tomahawk Missiles Aimed at Syria  

I don't fuck with neither one of them cunts!!          

Listen to Money Dance ft Dsavage (prod dj youngkash)#DeathComesIn3s by Mar90s #np on #SoundCloud 

one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

i mean....if you're going to scold a vegan about the "unnatural" foods they're eating..perhaps make sure it's something we eat....

These Were Trump’s Questions About Air Force One, According to the General He Grilled 

Dems pick up enough votes to sustain filibuster against Gorsuch, Trump’s Supreme Court pick … 

not abt killing the ppl of the countries. its abt the leadets n the weapons of mass destruction in there posession n means to use them on

RALLY AGAINST LODGE: The Gorkha Janmukti Yuwa Morcha will organise a rally in Darjeeling tomorrow against the... 

Unforgettable IPL moments: " Mumbai Indians chased 191 in 14.4 Overs against RR in 2014 and qualified to play off "

All I really wanted on Twitter was to be able to edit Tweets within 5 minutes of posting them for spelling. That is all!

922 pm MDT #LostTrailPass has snow on it. Watch for slick spots tonight. #idwx 

I highly recommend zankyou no terror but prepare a shitload of tissues and have someone hold you. don't let these i… 

True test of our love of Allah: Remembering Allah and obeying His commands during times of ease. 

I hate being up late bc I stop being Daniela and become this pussy that cries about everything

Yo if all these isis soldiers training like this we are fucked 

When you stay up till 2 am and you have a 10:20 am class tomorrow and remember you might have an exam too   

Slugma available until 01:22:42pm (29m 44s). Ember / Flame Burst (95.6% - 15/15/13) 

I'm picking up a friend at the train station and my phone is dying. This is my hell. I wanna watch Netflix while I wait

if you Appreciate the Likkle you have,You will be Proud for the rest you will get..#AFANATION..Thank everyone... 

Red Lobster pisses me off during their commercials bc they splash the butter EVERYWHERE when they dunk the lobster. DONT WASTE THAT SHIT!!!!

“For even the Son of Man came not to be served but to #serve others and to give his life as a ransom for many.” Matthew 20:28

is Shaw having a fucking laugh???dreadful crossing

Enjoy our daily updated porn clips full clips here >>  

Could it be that you're not looking at the same documents that were shared with Nunes? Pretty sure it's bait and swi… 

Hey Spectrum! I don't want to lose my favorite FOX shows and sports! Tell Charter to #keepmynets 

Her sister kicked her out now we fucking and getting our dick sucvked - OFFICIAL :  

Accounting for Governmental and Nonprofit Entities by Susan Kattelus, Earl...15/e  

Had the best QandA ever earlier today. A poetry class of about 100 students(17-20) came to see… 

Pepsi had to pull there latest ad because treating police officers like human beings is "racist"? Smh

The type of friends that end up in jail together and think about it being awesome   

A quartet of local talent brings the jazz compositions of George Gershwin to life in a brand new episode of “The... 

Reilly needs to shake his head after that play...we got the game but we didn't need to give that loser another one #tmltalk

So this is a Workplace idea of what mac'n'chrese is.  

Buying black jelly beans for my kids... In case they're cutting up and need a "chill pill". They hate them.  

i stg i'm such a relatable person.   i can have deep ass conversations with people i never talk to.   ‍  ‍ 

Obviously the porousness of our Nat'l is beyond apology or rationalization while retaining a straight face...… 

Holyyyy shiittt!!!! Brain, why!!!! Y so idiot todayyyyy!!! I FUCKIN WANNA SCREAAAAAAMMMMM!!!!!!

It's an all-too-familiar lesson for you Archers: more of a goo... More for Sagittarius 

 4/17 - 4/20 (Mon-Thurs) $667 5/3 - 5/5 (Wed-Fri) $423 5/20 -5/21 (Sat-Sun) $196 

That's Vince Steelhammer! And the guy who said "pick up the fucking phone!"

By singing Jana gana mana U may or may not get patriotism But whenever is sing or hear I will get goosebumps Which an every Indian feels

Be aue to check me out live on air with April 9th wbny 91.3 Fm radio for #Suzathon 

The focal point of your living room doesn't always have to be the TV. More and more people are utilizing... 

The fact that the death threats are even being talked about will influence games in their favor going forward. #fbbn

Francine's comic will still be written The married couple one will probably be just a smol comic i make on twitter ^ ^

Fabulous, clean-eating crockpot recipes that will save you time and calories. 

Sometimes your commitment to fulfilling your obligations is re... More for Taurus 

Threesome Fucking With Jamie Valentine |  

I've learned from the history of my great father not to underestimate the signs of hostility that come especially from those close to me

 NEW NIKE AIR VAPOR MAX PLATINUM GRAY 004 RARE AIR MAX DAY 

The Sunnydale Herald Newsletter, Friday, March 31 - [Drabbles and Short Fiction] Careful What You Wish For... 

i know everyone's offended by this but i can't stop fucking laughing 

Yall are taking opportunities for the wrong fucking reasons, think you sound nice after that huh? Sweetie watch in the mirror...

Perpetrators of brutal sexual violence believe male survivors will be left without care, even ostracized  #SGBV

skinny snowboarder gets fucked porn 

This Bizarre Medical Condition Forces Some People To Walk On All Fours  =>

HIMYM season 9 is so trash. It's outrageous. It's so damn outrageous

Latinos who think they're woke by choosing Coke over Pepsi and not knowing how bad Coke has screwed Latin America #smh

Money Management on excellent conditions, 500%-2,000% per month. We use many reputable brokers. #FXCurrency #GBPUSDTrend #GoodEA

How to Create a Successful Partnership From Separate Locations  

I'm not just talking about their health, okay? I know their health is extremely important. But, think about it first.

Everything seems to be falling into place today. However, ther... More for Taurus 

Gohmert Claims Ryan, Priebus Ruined the Freedom Caucus's Meetings With Trump 

BBW lesbian gets bald snatch dildo fucked 

Like wth that's retarded as hell smh 

i wanna punch park chanyeol straight to his face and told him to stop being hot,, at the same time,, CUTE,, PCY EVERYONE

taz // ghshsgh the difference between what cis ppl think of roswell and what trans ppl think of them is certainly Something hah

Here are the actual places that inspired one of the most influential artists of our time. 

Freeride World Tour : les sacres d'Haerty et de Slemett  

i look thru my faves mentions when they make a thread on a sociopolitical issue to prepare myself for the fuckery ill face as a professor

yall are fucking embarrassing 

Finished listening to The 5 Second Rule: Transform your Life, Work, and Con... by .... Try #Audible and get it free: 

Lillie does my fucking head in, all she does is cry #EOTB

Great tips for asking users the right questions, and asking the questions the right way  #ux #uxdesign

The only person I agree with is Treach. No Jada? Where's his sister? Why didn't his sister do the speech?

I seriously love this entire shot so much?? Yuzu's outfit?? Lily?? YURI?? AAA 

Cause if you die at your side piece house, don't expect main bae to come to the funeral     

gals amateurs lechant et strapon fucked 

Don't let nobody make you feel like the guilty one after they've fucked up  

Throwing books out. I think they are breeding when my back is turned, especially the ones on cake decorating.

Do other girls put their tops on by putting their feet In and then pulling it up? Or is Elise just weird as fuck?

“What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.” ― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 

 Your tax dollars in action... NPR Poetry Month Kicks Off With Your Twitter Submissions

nude fucking poses of ladyboys 

The HPCSA are calling it a " hearing". It is not a trial as it is not at a court and it is not a criminal or civil… 

2. Beneful will be kicking off the makeover weekend beginning at 10AM on Thurs, April 27th! We don't have any additional info beyond that

Newborn Cocoon Crochet Pattern | Baby Boy Cocoon Pa…  #SerendipityasAlways #BabyCocoonPattern 

How many of you have wondered what the smell is coming from your car, when something is wrong with it? #Motorhappy… 

benefits of dropping kids at 7 am? 1) sunrises and 2) meeting exercise and move goals by 8:30 am...   ‍

Disabled vehicle, right lane blocked in #Poulsbo on WA-3 NB at Sherman Hl Rd #traffic 

hardcore women fucking nude 

While adaptability is often a useful trait, your infamous stub... More for Taurus 

When you've had your dick appointment set for weeks and he flakes last minute 

#how ''how would it feels if you have 1million dollar?''  

Yeezy, Jordan, NMD! Name it You got them all hype here  

Yo nigga talk to you crazy cause you living like you need his ass

  nohoslut: houseofm2: Fucking Baby Wolverine Yummmm 

You can’t help someone get up a hill without getting closer to the top yourself  #coolmath #mathgames

 If the People lead, the Leaders will follow. Build 50 panel solar carports to stop Climate collapse. Utilities pay $0.99 Kwh

A top Goldman Sachs dealmaker explains the No.1 lesson she's learned in her career.  

Why have I been getting the stupidest fucking Lyft drivers today.. fucking Christmas!!

traindog17 : #sharpei Free Shar-Pei training course you'll find very useful (via Twitter  

Creator wants me to stop reading and start singing? Too bad. Maybe if he didn't have such a slow computer.

my grandma just called and said that it was more extensive than they thought but he's ok 

If stone pelters are fighting for their nation whats the big deal if security forces are fighting to guard their na… 

If you say no to something you’re closing a door that could bring you joy. #MAYWARDAtABSCBNTradeLaunch

#yahoo #insane fucking #plymouth #squirting sports #fetish #queen cottbus #date 

It's my third time shopping with you. I like your work. Looking forward to using this stamp!  

Trump, Xi showdown fails to materialise at Mar-a-Lago  

'get it together jules you. dont. get. sick.' ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Newcastle Team to play #SWFC: Darlow, Anita, Mbemba, Lascelles, Dummett, Ritchie, Shelvey, Diame, Gouffran, Perez, Gayle

A once friend of mine got jobs. They were good jobs too. He played the writer of Sherlock Holmes and Medea on Broad… 

JUST IN: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Clayton, Cobb, DeKalb, Douglas and Fulton County in GA until 12:30pm EDT. #gawx

BREAKING: We Have Not Seen Buhari!! Something Deadly Must Be Wrong With Him In His Aso Rock Bedroom – APC Cries Out 

► Ancient Technology in #Antarctica Joseph P. Farrell Special  Pub March 8, 2017 ~ Podcast Affiliates Network

Today I spent the entire day shooting a project with one of the best photographers I've ever met! Check him out: 

When you are ready to make excuses and give up... Think of the adversity these folks overcome 

It's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today... More for Aries 

Rape can start off as consent and then it becomes forceful once the individual does not stop at that point it is rape. Rape≠Consent.

Hey it's just most of Team Or, nobody's perfect Or, Deplorable's how stupid are they Or, back in USSR, don't no how… 

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

"Jimin have you been getting your dick sucked on this tour???" Jimin: absolutely every night. 

V good to see EU insisting on no "fiscal, social and environmental dumping". UK must not turn itself into a tax haven and start deregulating

“These aren’t students looking for seed money to become rich, they’re looking to solve problems.” #LivehereLivewell 

My regular goes "Micaela seriously if you're gay just tell me... but why don't you have a boyfriend" my life  

St Petersburg Metro bombings: 10 dead, 50 injured as 2 bombs rip through Metro coaches 

#latino girl fucking sex scenes from the sopranos 

#DragRace revealed the 14th queen, and we couldn't be more thrilled!  

Brunette Gets Ass Fucked In Prison 

Today I shaved a rottie. (My trainer is doing a reverse on him, as I am not allowed to yet) 

Generate TERGETED traffic to your website AUTOMATICALLY  #blogs | SEO Tricks | 6 SEO Friendly Tips to Improve Site…

#5YearswithEXO #엑소5래도록 Thank you for making my youth so bright, Thank you for becoming a light in my life 

Is grey the top interior design colour for Nottingham home owners? The post seems to think so! #house #design >… 

Home sellers can learn a thing or two from online dating.  

Can Pitt penguin fans name a player on the team besides Crosby? Those in the Garden tonight couldn't. #LGR #Crosbysucks

if y'all don't make no promises the song of the summer, y'all really fucked up .

These next 2 weeks before Vegas I'll only be working 4 days and the others I'll be flying or off         

I don't feel a damn bit guilty for what i've done and what has happened. Time to move on! Going forward instead of… 

being single is boring as hell but being in a relationship is annoying as hell.

Scalextric vintage Subaru Impreza # 28 rally / touring car Superb with lights  

You'll want to clean out your closet after visiting these resale shops around #Atlanta!  

Trump Donates His First Quarter Salary to #National #Park #Service :   #NPS

are u fucking kidding me im freaked rn 

After the March, Everybody went home. Madam and Baas got ready to go to a braai with fellow "struggle heroes", our mothers, started cleanin

FUCKING BITCH IS JOHN SIMM RETURNING AS THE MASTER IN DOCTOR WHO OR IS IT A RUMOUR

[CHSSWeb2]  Danny Collier - Experiment with partial caching on course and section subnavigations.

hey you look really cute today - heckinglester: april fools you look cute everyday keep it up 

The saddest thing about it all is it shows the percentage of idiots in America. Listen to a conman's nonsense and n… 

Donald Trump photographed with Darth Vader - CNET: [ Commentary: "Rogue One" is playing on… 

The great father for me is one of the most well made thrillers to have come out in malayalam in the recent past.... 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

I see you, weekend! It's been an extra busy week playing catch-up at work so I'm looking forward to a little down…… 

Expected today.. Have you spotted yours yet? Share with us a picture of your #CWEasterEggs!! 

I used Polito's image to communicate with you until we had established trust. Remember that it is my will that guided you here.

get her thick 2017 get her thick 2017 get her thick 2017 get her thick 2017 get her thick 2017 get her thick 2017

This is a great opportunity to learn more about AI and how you can use it in your newsroom. 

We would be disappointed. Keep that cunt away from the premier MMA organization. She can't even cut it in the B-lea… 

Marvel Legends Civil War Giant Man BAF TORSO BAF HEAD BAF and LEFT ARM BAF 

eh it's gone. lol. sorry my crappy translation doesnt do much justice. i hate poetic song ugh. just trying /cries… 

I see a lot of men appalled by what maybejulz said but when it's one of your own who says something like that you all agree    ‍

Early morning, Barcelona, Diagonal, the Mediterranean Sea. What else? #barcelona #nomade… 

I'm gonna fucking cry you don't know how bad that is

Seth’s Favorite Jokes of the Week: Trump’s Golfing, National Spanish Paella Day - 

This Saturday From 2-8pm #LittyFoolsDayParty  Free Henny Shots   Ladies in Bikini Tops Free til 3  x82

'Donald Trump today told reporters, “I think we’ve had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of the... 

Boyfriends brother interrupted babe and I having sex today by asking for a lighter.   like we're getting down and dirty and you need a lighter

IMMORTAL MACHINERY - I'm Not Sorry ft Tank (Chasing Dragons) #nowplaying on Eat This #Rock and #Metal Webradio 

cause you really thought you were gonna get him. ofc i was gonna get my bestfriend to help me get you back.    love… 

Being triggered can happen instantly. Here's the real reason our buttons get pushed – and how to recover quickly: 

Congratulations to Mr. Stuff from Danielson CT on his purchase of this beautiful 1992 Ford Mustang LX 5.0l... 

Find horny cam girls from here  #camgirl #live_sex #horny check out … 

PAPO SHITTY BOOTY ASS   , eating taco bell  . he mad   

That coat you’re wearing was already keeping somebody else warm... #DownHurts 

GatestoneInst: RT Kredo0: Still curious: Why is Trump admin hosting a convicted Palestinian terrorist and claiming… 

"We know how much God loves us, and we have put our trust in His love." (1 John 4:16) #TrustGod #Believe #Hope 

Hillary Clinton calls for U.S. to bomb Syrian air fields  

This week, Donald Trump neither made friends nor influenced people on Capitol Hill - CNN  

Universal Life Reiki - Audra Brown is a Reiki Master/Shaman adept in many forms of healing and divination #soulecting 

Too many NH Republicans had an advanced, front row viewing of Trump but kept quiet! 

Circular Pouches are great for keeping Hearing Aids and CI's safe when they are not being worn! 

Found a Transponder Snail! Oars comes back as a henchman of Moria?!  #TreCru 

I fucking hate that I've been locking myself out all this week

Tutors needed for 2017-18 school year BEMIDJI -- Schools in Bemidji have a need for 10 literacy tutors and one mat… 

Fountain project at the NE State Capitol is coming right along. #lnk #lnkunderground #nebraskastatecapitol #sprink…… 

I suffer from #depression. Maybe you do too. Talk with people, ask for help, and don't be ashamed. #WorldHealthDay 

and all the stories he told me and how much i owe my knowledge to my teachers and knowledge keepers' wisdom and stories

Updated the desc for Epiphany, too. It's now correct in iTunes ( Still waiting on Google Play.   #podcast #fiction

You can go drink alcohol at some random fucking house the night before work, but can't come fucking stay with me because you "work?"    ‍

So sierra fucking up everybody eyebrows in atl #LHHATL

“Oops, Wrong Person”, or “How I Could Have Easily Been Bowie Knifed”  

Number crunching for the past day - 49 new followers and 10 unfollowers. Stats via 

chicks fucking guys galleries #fosters home for imaginary friends frankie porn 

Report this sick son of a bitch 

Just over 30` under they are underway at Aintree #GrandNational Where class chaser Blacklion vies for favouritsm… 

#UAAPSeason79 Women's Volleyball: Adamson and UE are both looking to end their respective seasons with a victory. 

Hat-tricks normal for Lewandowski – Ancelotti – The Nation NewsPaper  

END 5: UAB 3, Marshall 0. Joshua Shapiro gets out of the inning by forcing a 6-4-3 double play. #OneHerd

When your 7:45 flight gets delayed 3 fucking hours   

When uou tweet about #OpeningDay and no one responds #RallyTogether #GoTribe 

04-05 KIEV, UKRAINE - JULY 26: Ukrainian activists hold a banner reading 'Ukraine without… 

Horny blond milf fist fucked till she screams in orgasm 

Walking around Busch gardens would be great exercise if they didn't have angry orchard and fried everything

#girl fucked by men in a bar fetish sex ideas 

#Rappers lol... Dude is hilarious! Where have a been? Just recently stumbled on to his youtube channel... comedic... 

ok i've been trying to figure out what this todokaras thing was but now i..see i thought i was misreading some bnha pairing

Our idiot president is the lyingest liar that ever lied. 

WHICH IS WEIRD, SINCE I’M ASSURED THAT HER BOSS, DONALD TRUMP, IS PRACTICALLY HITLER: Nikki Haley i… 

Yes. He was getting us that downgrade. You thought about the implications for you and your family? 

I JUST WROTE THE FUNNIEST JOKE OF ALL TIME AND PEOPLE ALIVE AND DEAD THOUGHT IT WAS FIRE 

Letlhabile 6 2 9 with Tshepo Leeuw There are rumors that marijuana have been legalized for house hold use and... 

Major Breakthrough Could Enable Mass Produced Artificial Blood  

Watch Willie Nelson's Merle Haggard Tribute 'He Won't Ever Be ... . Read more:  #MusicNews 

'I never stopped loving him - deep down he isn't a bad person': Stephanie Davis confesses true feelings for Jeremy…… 

‘Ghost in the Shell’: 4 Japanese Actresses Dissect the Movie and Its Whitewashing Twist 

Oh I might be sick after seeing PK so much on #RHOBH finale. what an absolute TOERAG. give me strength

I want to see and understand the world outside. I don't want to die inside these walls without knowing what's out there! - Eren

A read on "bootstrap" rhetoric and how we all benefit from public $$ and programs. 

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

Stay safe this Easter warns RNLI - THE RNLI has urged the public to be safe at sea ahead of the Easter holidays... 

Kentucky Coal Mining Museum converts to solar power  Maybe our idiot leaders in Fla will figure it out.

Grew up in the streets, on the road, all my fucking life

Hate flaky ass people.. even if you claim to be my "friend" y'all can happily go fuck yourselves.

The word of God is blunt, which is sometimes hard to chew but much needed #ThursdayThoughts    

Por 2 Rui 0 [Bottom 3rd] [0 Out] [0 balls] [0 strikes] ... No one on [P: #13 Emilio Lovato] [B: #17 Sam Potter]

This is going to be a long, terrible trial...#MarkeithLoyd emails to police chief confirm blindness in one eye 

men are fucking terrible and virtually useless amirite ladies :')

We are raising more money for Big Brothers Big Sisters of Kansas tonight and all you have to do is eat delicious... 

Slut Anal Fucked Squirting Orgasm 

THEFIRSTTRILLIONAIRE Masters Par 3 contest called off for first time  via #sapnajha

The amount of times I've heard "Shape of You" today is unbelievable, bc I can't believe I'm not tired of it yet lol #VidConEU

I  seeing what understudies bring to the characters and feel lucky to have seen these guys perform twice!… 

What bullshit and disgusting dispaly of "destruction coverage"Mike Pence 'Caught' W/ Another Woman- Caught on Camera! 

Woe betides those who are catalysts behind the 'One Nigeria' Britain, France etc will suffer dearly for this. Free… 

Intelligent people tend to have fewer friends than the average person. The smarter you are the more selective you become

WHERE THE BLOODY HELL IS BALOR?!!! #RAWaftermania

Zcash Enters Top 10 Cryptocurrencies By Market Cap...  #News #Prices #zcash 

So my advice to Madridistas is enjoy any titles we win this season because we are in for a very trouble filled summer and next season.

UK: Muslim prisoner pours boiling fat over other prisoner's head because of “insult to Islam” ... 

Some of you girls think being a bad bitch is all there is in life

Whew! borrower defense rule for #studentloans survived #CRA; time ran out for Congress to introduce. Read our blog: 

Steve's Healthy Banana Bread, chock full of healthy, nutrient-dense, fibre-rich ingredients  #recipe #healthy

Top British universities found producing ‘fake research’ - at least 300 allegations...  by… 

Arsenal ‘forgot to celebrate’ goals against Man City, claims club legend Henry  

Having said all this, I admit that the adrenaline rush and satisfaction of a presentation well done is a great feelin… 

Ghost in the Shell makes $19M, a lot less than expected. Now write some hot takes for "why Marvel never made a standalone Black Widow movie"

Chubby Busty Redhead Slut Sucking And Fucking 

These high school journalists investigated a new principal's credentials. Days later, she resigned. 

Many other airlines are expected to follow this trend! Call us to find out how to take advantage of these great... 

Petition Demanding Melania Trump Move To White House EXPLODING With Signatures 

I be on my ugly ass niggah line     

These days Ahmadis of Algeria are facing extreme persecution by government and judges. #FridaySermon #Islam #Ahmadiyya

#Trumprussia - Most countries not included on 2nd failed travel ban have ties to Trump Organization and those oligarchs who financed/hacked

ISIS message calls Trump 'foolish idiot' 

12 Guys That Absolutely Nail It (Plus A Woman And A Dog)  #epic #awesome #win 

[LISTEN] "You should have thought about how conspiratorial they are before 2012." 

: RT Ashutiwa: Questions on OracleJDEdwards cloud content? Come join us at lagoon A #C17LV 

Ram Temple in Ayodhya will be built.. by my estimates before 2025. 2nd thing I want to say here is - SUPREME COURT IS A PUSSY!

You're feeling a sense of professional pride today, stemming f... More for Scorpio 

On Blair, there was so much potential for so much more radicalism. He changed the country, but he still played it safe at times. #ppw17

be emtional about REALITY... fucking selfish KIDS !!!

"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God." Leo ... #Quote #CulturesWays 

BREAKING : Chelsea Clinton Makes Decision on Whether or Not She'll Run for Office 

The amount of aggressive, disrespectful, disgusting niggas I came into contact with tonight was UNREAL. Swear they wanted to die

Trade with the best indicators    $AMAT $CUK $REGN $AET $NOC $COF $PSX $CME $TRP $BCE 

its gotta be a fucking skin i will genji train all my life if it is

04-06 #KendallJenner in a midriff-baring top and leggings while Kylie covers up #KendallJenner 

When devs try to future-proof their game  #indiegame #gamedev #indiedev #game

fuck this, shows in a big arena like schott never truly sell out and prices will drop the closer it gets to the actual concert date

What a cowardly performance from the ref! We desperately need a ref league to sort these cunts out!!!

Lawyer for Bill O'Reilly accuser calls for independent investigation into Fox News  by #CNN… 

Day 3 at Wimbledon - The Globe and Mail  ➜  

Wind 0 km/h ---. Barometer 1024.76 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 15.1 °C. Rain today 0.2 mm. Humidity 52%

i ordered this beanie baby called the end because the message on the tag is fucking ominous 

#Syria    Tragic loss of civilian lives and devastating destruction of the country's ancient heritage ... ...… 

We're the Corporate, we're the Corporate, we're the Corporate over ere..<EMOJI>️just go invited to a box for Saturdays game! Coyrs

TRAI: The Indian Youth Needs Affordable Internet Access - Sign the Petition! 

An App That Tracks Your Movement to Help You Relax, Even in the Back of a Cab 

In my life, I've lived, I've loved, I've lost, I've missed, I've hurt, I've trusted, I've made mistakes. But most of all, I've learned.

You owe yourself the #Love and #Respect that you so freely give to other people. #KnowYourWorth #LoveYourselfFirst..Others will come next..

Well done to Mr S Bust - Winner of our Massey Ferguson merchandise at our recent MF Open Day at Chandlers... 

Why Sean Hannity Endorses Joe Manausa Real Estate  #seanhannity #hannity #realest 

We're not country fam, we're in Little Rock, home of the hustlers and bangers that groomed a generation of ballers… 

FUCK should i even sleep i wanna watch this ep so fuckcing bad im

Satin shawl wrap #robe double layered #flannelfleece lining. Available in all sorts of print and solid combinations… 

My followers live in Germany (70%), Austria(8%)... Get your map:  

Today marks the 22nd anniversary since the passing of the Queen of Tejano Selena We are always dreaming of you 

I REALLY hope this first episode of season 3 of Rick and Morty follows through with their foreshadow of 9 more seasons

So just days of Harbaugh playing against OSU showing] Q: You know, maybe 2 or receive any of you know, I said 'I'll show

Apparently I'm just another in a long list of googlers searching for "property brothers gay?" #hgtv #propertybrothers

Erotica short stories, each one describing a unique scenario of pleasure, passion, desire, and deceit.… 

stay off of fucking twitter if you finished 13 reasons why

Here's a quick guide to the world during low seasons  

7 Tips On Having A Tinder Profile Picture That Can Land You With An Amazing Date 

Mark Hamill nails Han Solo impression in Star Wars Bad Lip Reading video 

If you put onions in your crab rangoons you are the worst of the worst evil. I'm looking at you Great Wall in the Towers Shopping Centre

Analysis | If white America is in 'crisis,' what have black Americans been living through? 

When you love someone you give them the ability to make you smile, you become oblivious to the fact that you can still smile without them.

They really gonna do Destiny 2 just like they did 1 huh  ? PC version confirmed ?   

What does the phrase "Love you to the moon and back" even mean? Why only moon, why not Venus or Mars or any asteroid or Andromeda galaxy?

my professor just started roasting a dumbass for being a dumbass, life is great 

I've just watched episode S01E11 of Strong Woman Do Bong...!  

Yo! Undertaker and Randy Orton have to walk this ramp. Buckle up buckaroos! It’s gonna be a long night. #WrestIeMania

You're on a roll today and everything you encounter seems to a... More for Leo 

'Don't bother coming back!' Manfred Weber demands Farage LEAVES Strasbourg after fiery row  

Ilang beses na nag-concert ang JaDine in and out of the country.Kung unprofessional sila and do not care for the fans… 

Atandt: Sales Executive 3 Acquisition - East - (Gov SalesandMkt) #annapolisjobs 

Zuma First, Jobs Last… Enough is enough! Sign to remove Zuma as President. #NoConfidence 

We're experiencing processing delays (beyond our 2 business day window). Thanks for your patience as services get b… 

Omg why can't nobody answer the fucking phone!!!!!!!!

US strikes Syria air base with cruise missiles in retaliation to chemical weapons attack 

health always comes first im so proud of everything you've accomplished with this i love you my honey #수고했어요쫑디  

#RapeCulture = Defining “manhood” as dominant and sexually aggressive while defining “womanhood” as submissive and sexually passive. #SAAM

 repealing Obamacare will cost $350 billion. Who's going to pay it? … 

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

U7 team hosting a Rhyl based side. Some positive feedback from coaches and parents. Well done guys 

More HS Students Are Graduating, but These Key Indicators Prove Those Diplomas Are Worth Less Than Ever | The 74 

i dreamt that scott fucking hoying asked me to marry him i'm done with life

 gay fist-fucking Photo xtrem dilatation  

Me: I'm gonna rewatch all the fast and furious movies Dad: I was gonna say 14 hours of movies would be hard but not for you     

Seahawks QB Trevone Boykin Arrested Again On Warrant -  

Fun fact - By recycling just one glass bottle, the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours

Good to see bears taking advantage of Montana’s Google Fibear pilot program. 

My sis is playing that app where you make sound to make your character move and I'm so close to bashing her head in her desk cuz she woke me

3 Ways to Ward Off Toxic People .Follow these steps to protect yourself from negativity. Read more:  #health

China's Xi has one big message for Donald Trump: Chinese President Xi Jinping will likely… 

I was driving in two lanes today so casually destiniy looked at me talking about "Are you o fucking K"?  

Aziatische meisjes getting fucked doggystyle door 'compilatie hun witte bf's 

Fucking killing it!!!!!      Slayyy ma 

Due diligence looks solid. This could be a mover. $TLFX $TLIF $TLKGY $TLPFY $TLPH 

#NFL Wire: No structural damage to Jae Crowder's elbow, but he could miss C's showdown vs.…  

"Pictures of an airborne Harry Styles ignite a Photoshop battle for the ages" by April Hautea via Mashable  #news

This is disgusting. Get your shit together people 

Also why keep them at the current size? Make them A1 so we have to carry them around like a fucking art student with their coursework.

"Boys are all assholes, but girls, girls can be evil." WOMEN let's fucking change that. #13reasonswhy

Love it when people doubt me or don't believe me. Because I will stick to my word and prove it to you.

ISP #privacy rules could be resurrected by states, starting in Minnesota #dataprivacy  

Don’t miss out on all the fun! Grab your cowboy boots and meet us at the #iHeartCountry Festival!... 

was that their April fool's bc bitch I stg I hate them

#WTCC: Esteban Guerrieri hopes to compete the full year with Campos  

You've got to know when you fold them Know when to hold them Know when to walk away Know when to run 

Now It's my fucking friend, I hope he doesn't spoiler me the serie, but everybody knows the end .

You guys make us love the things we are supposed to hate. Now I'm not mad at JZ anymore. Side note: Helen   

I hate when ppl say hence why. HENCE WHY UR A DUMBASS

how to recondition batteries, battery reconditioning, reconditioning batteries, bring dead battery back to... 

Yall pls help me find those tix pls help rt   every help will help my friend alot  

i wanna do this, but that's a lot of fucking writing and idek what i could write 

Kerala: Dodgy `fish` meal lands 400 CRPF jawans in hospital  

Just in time to stop inches from it; thing was a full grown male kangaroo which hopped near my door and stayed put.

London News Search (Boris Becker daughter Anna Ermakova striking resemblance) 1 London - 

Took the ladies I love to see Chris Brown yesterday     We went up   #partytour #chrisbrown… 

For real though, if you arent going to coachella, this will be one of the best shows to catch in Los Angeles.... 

14th Moving-up Ceremony and Recognition Program of Miracle Ministries International Learning Center. #Atm   

Dominos' build your pasta bread bowl is the fucking  <EMOJI>️where tf have I been??  

Hello. My name is Eve. I'm 47 years old. Today I learned how to untie a double-knotted shoe. #slowlearner… 

You mad because your bitch found out you a hoe    ‍

26) I'm literally experiencing hands-free orgasm watching Alt-Right nationalists squeal like bitches after getting… 

Today's reminder... RIP... (Watch your back, Hillary... indictment soon..) 

jemily all day every fucking day 

Bring your little'uns to zazu's this Easter school holidays and they'll eat for free (TandC's apply) #whatadeal… 

my boyfriends promposal was the cutest thing on fucking earth

My Twitter is worth $1,368.36!. Get your Twitter Value FREE at  #free #tools #freefollowers

We help accelerate learning, careers and your future. Our impact extends far beyond the classroom and into the... 

7." WE ARE THE MOVEMENNNNNNNT" Are you??? Are you PEPSI COLA, this undefined youth protest movement??? Alright seen

On page 158 of 365 of Noah Can't Even, by Simon James Green: I really like Noah's Nan. S... 

You're never going to catch me being rude to someone. If you don't like me I'll still say hi, cus it's polite and mature

Free Plays!   MLB Mariners ML Giants ML Mets -1.5 NBA Wizards -5 Magic -1.5 We were 3-0-1 yesterday   No L's

Gays emos fucking Josh Bensan has that fairytale story of moving from the 

Chick On Home Camera Getting Her Face Fucked 

#Repost ruthie_tiu: Vegan pizza of my dreams!! Vegan sausage, cashew ricotta, and fresh arugula… 

I've just watched episode S02E05 of Criminal Minds! #criminalminds  

Napoli!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.... fucking get in mother fuckers

eBay: Harley-Davidson FLHR Road King 2003  #harleydavidson 

The Los Santos superball will be streamed live in 2 hours, be sure to set a reminder for the event of the ages!… 

I smile because...it's harder to frown! That's right Judy!!! Love ya girl ! The April contest is in full swing!... 

In practice I can execute almost every skill move, but when it comes to the match...You can understand what I mean. 

WE WERE LITERALLY TALKING ABOUT WHAT I DID TODAY BC HES NOT HERE AND . OUT OF NOWBERS 

Hogtied Girl In Doggy Getting Her Pussy Fingered Hook To Ass Pussy Mouth Fucked With Dildo In The Du 

Wonder if all those dumbass #MAGA idiots feel stupid about believing all the #RussianBot fake news stories  

For further details about activities and games on your specific sportsground, pls contact your individual association or club directly (2/2)

#WorldAutismAwarenessDay Autism isn't necessarily a disability. People will Autism can still make a difference.

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Handmade Brindle Cowhide Key Chain Antique Bra..." by GoCowGirl.  #giveaway

I think the outrage over the Kendall Jenner Pepsi ad is actually very appropriate. Pepsi is terrible; sharing it with people is offensive.

Credit score has always been a very important part of what types of products you can be approved for. But now... 

BOUT DAY!!  Adelaide Showground tonight, doors at 6pm, tickets available at the door. It's become a bit of a... 

So tired of being permanently tired.... but I know this is only the beginning and that it'll allllll be worth it in the end.

I fucking can't believe this Grayson.. #GraysonDolanIsOverParty

It's an all-too-familiar lesson for you Archers: more of a goo... More for Sagittarius 

Assholes killing innocent children, gassed them to death, a painful and awful death. Disgusting.

Honoured to be in Ottawa for #Junos2017, humbled that our Canadian music awards finally recognize my tuba skills #takingcareofthebottomline

WE ARE HERE FOR YOU WE ARE HERE FOR YOU WE ARE HERE FOR YOU WE ARE HERE FOR YOU WE ARE HERE FOR YOU WE ARE HERE FOR… 

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

A Neapolitan street vendor shows the Higuain-branded toilet paper he is selling ahead of Sunday's game v Juventus 

Anyone throwing shade on Barry Manilow today, I just have two words for you. FUUUUUCK. YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOU.

Russ drawlin. This nigga want them assist so bad        

WSOU Picks of the Week: Mastodon, Nova Collective, Black Map  

Nothing like studying your ass off for an exam to find out you did terrible on it.    

It always finds its way into profiles of Black people, but: if we aren't well-spoken, is that ever noted?

Then did you think that We created you uselessly and that to Us you would not be returned?" #Quran #God #Allah April 07, 2017 at 10:30AM

Here's to blooming endeavours.    Happy new Month. #TheBGL #TheBourgieLife #april… 

Bad day for #Kyrgyzstan. Suspect in St. Petersburg metro bombing identified as #Kyrgyz, opposition politician Japarov reportedly kills self.

Exeggutor available until 10:32:03pm (48m 25s). Extrasensory / Psychic (40.0% - 4/14/0) 

Polling Of #Trump Voters Reveals Clean Energy Is Not A Partisan Issue: CleanTechnica  #environment

#ImranKhan Attacking Democracy to Become Pakistan PM!!!  #LetSyriaBreath 

Thought we were now a power surplus nation selling power 2 other countries. So why the increase? Cost of living has… 

Two Nasty Bitches Suck Off A Guy And Take A Load 

Fucking her ass and sucking cock 

okay, but where did it come from, i'm not really scared of spiders but like, i usually deal with small spiders,,,

Nasty hoes suck cock on gloryhole 

Redskins still wary of Aaron Rodgers despite Packers' problems #AaronRodgers  #aaronrodgers

Done listening people talk down on the dirty max. Fuel system, built trans and Twins come spring. Sleep on it.

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive Profile: Those who follow their dreams!  #TreCru 

A detailed examination of #Fiat #Currencies - filled with thought provoking #information 

HEYYYYYYYYYYYYYY, that bitch is ugly 

Chinese media says India playing Dalai Lama card, wouldn’t allow it a ‘free ride’ 

lesbian girls kissing and fucking in the office 

Normally, you're more than happy to go along with a friend on ... More for Sagittarius 

Ryanair announce massive BREXIT seat sale with flights slashed to these European destinations… 

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

Always make an idiot out of myself when I go town ffs   

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

i also would like guts to strangle griffith homer style guts: WHY YOU LITTLE- 

Sad news from a great mag - but good news about the podcasts which have become my distraction of choice while trave… 

#NeverAskAWoman IF SHES ON HER FUCKING PERIOD unless you want ya ass beat 

I have an iPhone again...it's really fucking me up.

Captain Cook didn't find the West Coast. He visited yesterday: 14K y/o find affirms Heiltsuk Nation's history. 

Okay Twitter. Settle an argument between my sister and me. What's more disgusting/annoying in the bathroom?

I sat on the bench u sat on my lap u were wearing color red and I hated it for me it's too obvious for u it's a way of more tender existence

Hooooo boy that was a spiderman series in the most abstract stock photo and then people on twitter and tumblr just obsess over it

A wild 67% Shuckle [Struggle Bug/Gyro Ball] has appeared! Despawns at 12:34:17pm! Time left: 25m 11s. 

#hot - Don Rickles - John Glenn - Going in Style - Red Sox - Xbox Scorpio - Kyle Okposo - Nuclear Option - French…

Also, I posted my divorce petition yesterday! I feel so good in myself! #FridayFeeling #legalfreedom    

Egyptian President Sisi heads to Washington to meet Trump | News |  

If your marketing plans don't include mobile,you won’t get the results you expect.Hire mobile marketing services at… 

AUSTRALIAN FEDERAL POLICE are responsible for the corruption in ORANGE as information they have had for years is not acted on WHY IS IT $$$

Dude legit anytime it seems like I have a chance to get on my feet something happens where I have to start over and I'm so fucking done

‘Science Exposed’: Performance art meets science in experimental collaboration 

#retarded women fucked fat pussy sluts 

New post (European ass banged jizz) has been published on  - 

Krepo claiming KaKAO wasted on the hunt in desperation. he used it to provide pressure in order to clear out fucking baron. he is so dumb!!

In case of a fire emergency would need to be able to get all of the animals on site into crates quick and easy.... 

The healthcare fight has helped make Paul Ryan 'the most unpopular politician in the country' 

Is asleep in a hospital bed. Not wanting to wake up. her heart monitor was at a normal rate 

oh god i'm glad they changed it so that even if you dont have exp boost you can still get event points

 on VideoHive by nixstudioedition: “Map Connection Display”. 

I can't believe...finally i got working clash of clans hack tool after so many fake!! thank you! I got 999999 gems 

How do people still be fucking up your and you're?

scratch that. hit me with a fucking bus. 

Learned from them and would love to play just one more snap with em. Can't wait till next season! Thanks guys… 

【My cutie devil】 #mycutiedevil 【iOS】 【Android】 

SAY NO !! #scumbag Trudeau the useless idiot PM has to go !! #Trudeaumustgo #cdnpoli #Just3xit7rudeau… 

Experts tell 20m lazy Britons to take a walk to prevent heart disease  

Today is a sad/sick day. Lord knows I'm not showering, I'm not leaving my house, and I'm not talking to no snakes

When you have Maggie as your teacher? She won't ever knocked you down. She will make sure you got it. #ChicagoMed

It's 2am Im trying to study in the lounge and I can hear this girl's loud ass breathing from across the room. Stop

Sometimes I place a piece of toilet paper, one end in the water and the other end on the seat, so when I flush it waves goodbye.

Severe Thunderstorm Warning including Hempstead TX, Prairie View TX, Magnolia TX until 1:15 PM CDT 

House tax committee plans public hearings on tax overhaul - WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The tax oversight committee ... 

6 April 2017: The servery hatch was fitted today. There was also a teach-in on the various heating, lighting and... 

Foxy brunette tranny babe getting fucked bareback 

a reminder that in the end, everything will be okay and the little things that happen now will never matter when we see Him again

Hmm, judging by the lack of functional stop lights between home and work I must've slept through one hell of a storm.

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

I have so much fucking school work. Someone end me. Please.

Tony Romo, J.J. Watt trade tweets about QB's great escape in 2014    

Live on show now. 15mins to get your vote in and comments. We'll read the best ones out 

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

Busty latina Alexis Breeze fucking 

This is pretty cool. I would totally take advantage of this. Have mentioned this many times talking with fellow exe… 

Strong yellow grabs you from across the street. Simple copy, nice use of complimentary and contrast in he copy col… 

   Ex-#Trump adviser Flynn talking 2 Congress abt testifying in #Russia probe: lawyer | Article [AMP] | Reuters 

Ain't this the fucking #truth! 

no I still think the cabinet reshuffle was an April fools joke.Maybe Zuma didn't wana pull the stunt on the day cz it would make it obvious.

What Is Your #Competitive Edge?: Competitive edge, also known as competitive advantage, is… 

I just entered to WIN a copy of Playerunkown's Battlegrounds #ThisIsBattleRoyale 

Is everyone in Minneapolis as hung over as I am today? Woof. 60 degrees in MN on a Saturday is some dangerous shit.

Bruhhh this naco cheddar popcorn seasoning is FUCKING GOOOOOD!!!!

New #HistoryPorn: Two soldiers stand next to wooden stocks located in Cincinnati's Fountain Square, 1917. Signs on…… 

Kicking and screaming is still fucking me up cause its the song they opened with suit

#21DaySoulCleanse BEGINS TODAY !! Are you ready for what God has in store for you? Do you need that giant knocked... 

This bunch of idiots make my NS life happening! 

Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot' 

This is trash! This is evidence you wasted money in education. This bullshit can fertilize obasanjo's farms 

I'm loving Nier Automata but have the haunting suspicion that 2B is likely the subject of numerous unspeakable deviant art works.

I guess this meant fucking nothing to him 

Going back to my old shopvillabeautifful kits and making sure I use them all up! As weird as it… 

Bison Or Brian? From A Calorie Perspective, Cannibalism Didn't Pay For Paleo Humans  

#AAPKaNuksaan What an idiot CM? Tomorrow he will say entertainment expenses of his residence to be made from public money insane man?

Florida Ohio Pennsylvania People upset are so god damn stupid it hurts, im not a fan of the strike but christ do at… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Killer rabbits?! Amazing fauna on one winter isle!  #TreCru 

RUTHLESS PSYCHO COWARD SICK DEMONIC FOOLS ,,THAT HURT ANY ANIMAL...ARREST THEM NOW... 

if it's popular i'll probably end up keeping up with it just to be hip and up to date with The Conversation like re:zero last year

Pearl West nears capacity with another office lease: Add First American Title Insurance Company to the growing list… 

I believe they are replacing it with a Bill that serves and protects the UK much better than the Human Rights Act 

Big Data webinar - 3/31/17 11:00AM-12:00 PM Rare Books Room, PSL Topic: Data Visualization tools and communication

Sometimes I think I should listen to everybody and not my heart but I'll probably listen to it anyways

Dirty panties, socks, shoes, bras. All for sale. Kik me for prices, you sad fucks - sarastrong1995 #findom #paypigs #dominate #sex #nudes

That moment you realise you're being followed by a fucking escort agency #21Csuffragette #feminism #feminist #radfem 

India rescuers offer massive cobra a refreshing bottle of water  

One pathetic piggy could barely hit 100 before he creamed his pants   Try harder bitches this is just pathetic.   

• COMMENT YOUR THOUGHTS!    I attended an Auction today in Newtown, the Selling Agents were… 

Going from watching the hearts get a shaggin to now watching the figure skating was some shout, very relaxing

i love my angel so much my love for him will never die, just look at that piece of art 

#ShivSena the true gundas of India. Nothing better to do. No education, no respect, no culture and definitely terrorists.

Re. the nomination of Neil Gorsuch, this American is In total support of the nuclear option. The democrats don't care about qualifications.

If one fucks while they're sick, would that be considered a sick fuck?

Daily d20 Roll: 13 Oh the fateful and dreaded 13! Good thing it isn’t a Friday or this day could really go awry! 

"We cannot be satisfied until we have eliminated all others. It has nothing to do with reason. It is instinct." – Akashi Seijuurou

Pakistan, Russia agree to enhance cooperation in oil, gas sector  

• Paris is... ...an early morning in Montmartre... •   After Beijing, Shanghai and London, I am… 

TronCat was slain! 187,671xp lost (1,390,290 -> 1,202,619) 41 Total Levels lost (859 -> 818) 113 Ranks lost (175 -> 288)

Nothing will deter you from fulfilling your ambitions once you... More for Sagittarius 

///I was expecting hate mail from my troll bait, but instead I got ruukoto ........Ruukoto scares the fuck outta me sometimes, cause->

Been hearing this all season from these guys. When do you think it's actually gonna be taken care of? 

This Army veteran served his country. Will his undocumented wife be deported?  

Niggas got dumb ass logic. They be like "I know I cheated first and several times, but you cheated and it was for longer" like nigga.

The List of DiGiorno: • Delivery pizza • Delivery pizza • Delivery pizza • Delivery pizza • Delivery pizza • Delivery pizza #WrestleMania

Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah… The Church At Home is Rising… Joy Freedom Liberty…  

#Prudence is looking for boats in distress while our guests are taking a good rest. The journey is still long, but… 

Thistle Flower Maiden by Alfons Maria Mucha Counted Cross Stitch Pattern  

Takaharu for example is a fantastic leader. He's goofy, never annoying, and always knows the perfect time to get FIRED UP.

If you guys like Anime, Gaming, and funny moments please go subbscribe to my YouTube channel. Link is in bio. I rea… 

Bill would let Maine bars keep serving until 2 a.m. #mebiz  

Sunday was hard for our boys, they had to fight through running and decision making. The… 

Want to work at Aerotek? We're #hiring in #Denver, CO! Click for details:  #Manufacturing… 

Central Texas News: Roger Stone: I'll beat suit even if jury thinks I'm a devil #SanAntonio 

I peeped a long time ago what I would have to deal with ... I tried andand it didn't work and now I'm good

This should end well. "One official said Bannon has ... likened Kushner to a fifth column in the White House." 

Visit  to email your doctor w/ nonurgent health issues or make an appointment to talk w/ your doctor over the phone.

Ngunnawal suburb record smashed as buyers spend more in Gungahlin  (News) #melbourne #victoria

Dierks Bentley, Thomas Rhett and Kelsea Ballerini Place Their Bets On Faves at the ACM Awards… 

Can not wait for a couple of years to get myself a one way ticket out of this place and to somewhere sunny and new   

Growing and engaging with the right tweeps - gained 2 new followers in the past day, courtesy 

And this is why we love it. It is a lovefest folks ! #sbseurovision #songcontest 

Happy birthday to my beautiful Girlfriend Aira. Cant be with her as im away right now but i… 

It's unreal to think that the one person that you went to for everything kept so many secrets and lies from you the whole time.

Today in 1830 James Augustine Healy, the 1st black Roman Catholic bishop in America, was born to an Irish planter… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

Storyboard for Dumbo (1941) #Animation #Disney Some moments in all of animation history deserve reverence. This is… 

Baby Born With Rare 'Blueberry Muffin' Cancer Makes Miraculous Recovery After Brave Chemotherapy Fight 

Bhakt response: "Western liberal stooge newspaper NYT" Same bhakt in office tmrw: "Boss, woh New York onsite milega… 

That average cum nasty but My Heavenly Father Park Jimin's taste like a mango berry fruit blast smoothie 

CHINA SHOCKED by TIT FOR TAT Policy of PM Modi like never before…..more details inside. Please Like India United 

acmc_clock_euro: #Neptune is now (08h58m01s UT) culminating at 12°49'05.3'' #Pisces conjunct #mediumcoeli at Belgrade, YU

Infographic: Your Ultimate #Vacation #PackingList -  #Travel #TravelTips  via TravelnPleas…

All these chicks want wedding rings, but they be fucking on errthing

Anytime the weather is 50 or above the already very limited motivation I have to graduate goes right out the window 

SkyWest flight #SKW5279 spotted 46 miles away traveling 326mph at 9,475 feet! 

Police launch murder investigation after death of man following Belfast City Centre 'altercation'… 

#MyFirstWordsHadToBe Wasn't much room to tag the walls in there. Damn you siblings! I'm the artist!

Try and apply your make-up in natural light, as you will achieve a cleaner look! Put your mirror in the window or beside it!

Thank goodness I listen to Anita Baker in the morning to calm my spirit or I would be a road rage fool. But D.C. Taught me

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

Check this idiot out. Thinks scurvy somehow disproves atheism and Darwin. What a tool. 

What a world all news channels covering the same topics, radio the same music.... and they say they're not trying to make us sheep

Was Jay checking coats at the door again? If he talks about CRE role or "shared operational fate", listen up – he… 

I'm gonna hate my life so much next quarter when I have four 8ams And I only have myself to blame  

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

theintercept: RT intercepted: What would MLK Jr. talk about today? Obama's drone war, for one, says tavissmiley. … 

H MY GOD I CHANGED MY FUCKING SERVER AND IT STILL DOESN'T WORK I GIVE UP AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH

Trump has certainly Made Ethics Laws, Tax Return Requirements, Press Freedom, DOJ FBI Jobs, Fraud Cases, Treason Laws all Great Again

God i fucking hate meeting people who can't joke around

Holy shit I was terrifying 

Have you heard ‘Keak Da Sneak - That Go’ by Official Keak Da Sneak on #SoundCloud? #np 

Yay - washing w/ cold water got all the blood out of our wash cloths! Now we can reuse them. (To keep our furniture clean while dilating.)

What a FUCKING CHILD! #WhineyLittleBitch #DonaldTrump 

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

Historical first as two win £1m Premium Bond jackpot in single city #PremiumBonds #PremiumBonds… 

In the world, a division and a retroactive trade support side will lose access to a well-timed restriction on patients.

Assuming the elephants saw 2 monkeys (altogether), it's 5 animals going to the river. 1 rabbit 2 monkeys 2 parrots

Straight Men Across The Netherlands Are Holding Hands For A Beautiful Reason  

Niggas be fighting their homie over pussy that shits so sick to me <EMOJI>️

Masagos criticises Faisal for raising divisive issues  OH MY DEAR MINISTER ARE U CRAZY UR COMPARING 2017 TO THE 60s

Harry Styles Finally Unveiled His New Single And People Are Losing Their Shit 

Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. - Maria Robinson #quote

How judged battles can both help the leagues save money and help the better quality of battles 

I just got chased down my neighborhood by my next door neighbors German shepherd how many L's can Nicole take in one day

#Oral,#Anal,#teenmom,#mom,#cam: Kinky Whore In Provocative Leather Outfit Is Butt Fucked Doggy Style 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

House prices fall by 0.9% in January  #housing #property #lending 

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

Yes I'm the nigga they hated on, heart made of stone  

All the gushing over Cena and Nikki makes me puke. Just because he put a ring on it doesn't mean he'll marry her. If he does, it won't last.

_SEE GOBE Facebook User Exposes #BBnaija housemate Tboss, Says she is a Fake lady (See Evidence) 

Have U heard reported why Europe has been decimated?Me neither.The idiots policy's on Syria Iraq Libya. Loons need 2be tarred and feathered

why do people have to ruin pics by putting their ugly ass watermark

i dont honestly know if this is a white appropriation problem or a queer history disconnect problem .... its probably both

"Pakistani student barred from travelling to US, raises voice against injustice" 

ur not appealing and dress like a bum. one of my ou... — lmfaoo show me then bitch 

Major Kenyatta Ruffin addressing the NSBE Jr members at the Pre-TORCH Awards banquet #NSBE43 

I've always been pretty quiet about you because I don't really need to say shit Everyone knows your a woman beater, broke, and piece of shit

It's like an unspoken rule that you can't send someone the same snapchat that you post as your story.

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

Apply facial toner after washing your face to remove the excess product and dirt that are still present in your ski… 

It is not in the pursuit of #happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit. - Denis Waitley #quote

Today she turns 8 and it's the national championship so we're having chocolate cake on basketball plates!… 

Nonsense and lame past of preeto didn't make any change  couldn't they show something sensible if they wanted to conv… 

Kapil Sharma and Sunil Grover will not share the same frame on The Kapil Sharma Show? 

Lolitsalex video coming out at 3:30PM Central time. First few people to comment and like get something nice.. :)

Do you ever just laugh when you're in a ridiculous situation because there's nothing you can do about it

Dad Dies From Cancer. 2 Years Later, Daughter Finds Strange Letter Inside Old Book 

This tornado about to help the milk and bread industry once again  #milkandbread #survivalatitsfinest

04-04 Mischa Barton steps out amid claims her Volkswagen will be repossessed #MischaBarton  #mischabarton

I've worked "side-by-side with American builders, and now you have a builder as your president," Pres. Trump says… 

I am actually so fucking sick of Ed fucking Sheeran, like I can't deal with it anymore, I don't know what to do.

#ItsNotEasyBeing 'Green' Kermit said! You're a Puppet, mate.. Doesn't matter what colour you are.. You're a Puppet. You... Muppet  

do u miss ellen your favourite girl ever xxx — i don't think i know an ellen, sorry! do you mean e... 

BREAKING: Democrats Launch Project to DEFEND Islamic Sharia Law. What’s Your Response? 

STL DRAW RESULTS (April 4, 2017--2:30pm) iloilo city 27 - 18 - 21 #tatakRMN! 

Best section of this painting store in my local mall via /r/StarWars  #starwars #tfa 

UPDATE2: U.S. has "no patience" for N. Korea nuke tests: envoy  #usedcar #japan

i hope he fucking rots to death 

I got dinged for the app name being the same as another app, you know, probably that app that is also tied to my account. Lol well...whoops.

am i the only one who thought like this looked like a photo from an episode of the weakest link? 

School Girl vinger Fucking 

5 Revelations About the 2019 Mercedes-Benz GLE: Spy shots of the next-generation Mercedes-Benz…… 

AND WHY TOMORROW IM AT THE BEACH GDI FUCK YOU LIBER YOU PICKED THE WRONG DAY TO SHOW MY SON THE. WRONG. DAY!!!

The NCAA sucks for many reasons. But top of the list is having their national championship basketball game on a Monday night

Mi angels    i just rly wanna thank them for being so special  they're nothing like anyone in the media the world… 

I have been on Twitter for 3 years, 3 months, 27 days (since 4 Dec 2013). And you? 

Ghent University researchers develop process to produce lactic acid from grass -  #biotech #chemicals

Russian warship steams toward US. destroyers in eastern Mediterranean:  

The Renal Support Network (RSN) is a non-profit organization that provides non-medical services to those affected by #KidneyDisease.

It's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today... More for Aries 

Trending post: Mariah Carey and YG recruit Remy Ma on the “I Don’t (Remix).” 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Wind 12.2 km/h SSE. Barometer 1003.6 mb, Falling quickly. Temperature 13.4 °C. Rain today 25.8mm. Humidity 99%

Not depicted in this video: Him running around the living room at full speed for a good 30 seconds, growling all the way.

‘Breaking Bad’ Fans Will Now Be Able To Eat At Los Pollos Hermanos Restaurants In…  | #HipHop

turned up to work in my gym gear and got told I didn't need a uniform so now wandering about like an idiot in running gear  

         ‍ #Alhamdulillah   What a fresh start on this 1st day of April!    

Trying to figure out how I can convince Spencer we need to go grocery shopping at Trader Joe's after we do our beach run later...

#MGWV IsabelDosSantos: i am girl who love sex, i want to make women feel and have multiple orgasms live ... in and…… 

The 1P is in the books! #Flyers lead the #Devils 2-0! Intermission report and 2P coverage is coming up next on the Fanatic!

i'm being a proper adult not calling in sick to work on thursday and choosing work over RADIOHEAD and britney spears BUT I FEEL EMPTY and SAD

He made Cristiano Ronaldo look like a gormless halfwit - a perfect likeness. 

Thousands of greyhounds die on the track or get injured and R pts  #StopGreyhoundTorture 

None. Reaction videos are fucking cancer 

#NBA Wire: Hornets LIVE To GO: Hornets stay hot and knock off Westbrook and the Thunder  

2283 Providence Line $359,900. Bungalow situated on 2.28 acres minutes to town. #ptbo #realestate #remax... 

Future #Preservation : #Humans upload to Permanence Clouds. Ai enhanced with Nano-Fluidetics to mimic character traits. #Live4ever #immortal

Is JavaScript's andquot;newandquot; keyword considered harmful? #javascript 

How can anybody hate my mom?   But if you do, fuck you    

Liv might have no Lallana or Mane, yet we've been that bad that we won't overtake or haven't, I think we've fucked it tbh in the PL

Projections on Ecuador election based on province by province results. But it's close and could get closer.

Scam Broker Warning: INSTAFOREX!!! They won't pay you the money or make your withdrawal very difficult!!! #Security #Source #Status #Stop

Marquei como visto You Me Her - 2x7 - Weird Janis and the White Trash Baby Vessel  #bancodeseries

these are only facts about harry being asked about JUST HOLD ON and this town ok but sIGN ME THE FUCK UP 

Yo Cinnamon Toast Crunch with cinnabon coffee creamer instead of milk is SO FUCKING FIIIIRREEE!!!!!!!!

Smh feel bad for people shorter than 7'. Munchkin ass niggas 

Here's the answer to yesterday's question: The Lord Nelson Statue is located in...Bridgetown, Barbados! Search here… 

Fifty Developers Hack With Bitcoin for Two Days in San Francisco  

me, beloved 2040s politician, talking to rich donors: hi hello thanks for coming, i want to kill you and your children, thx for yr support

$KOSK is a holding company focused on the acquisitions of market-changing and disruptive business models.

I personally feel like if he couldn't get all he wanted in negotiations he should have dropped the issue. Now we ha… 

If the blind lead blind both shall fall into the ditch #EnginAkyürek #Dağhan #ÖleneKadar Dağhan #SelDağ

The utility of check posts in #Pakistan  #InternalSecurity #Governance #Terrorism… 

boi anyone remembers these toys and the anime? Man my childhood was awesome with it. 

Teen Library Council meets this Thursday at the Thomas Branch! Those in grades 6-12 are welcome to help shape the... 

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

There is no reason to attack #Syria. Even bigger mistake if it's a lie. It's on the heads of those who deceive. You… 

Omggggggg She fucking drew ROIIIIIIII 

"If there is magic on this planet, it is contained in water" (Loren Eiseley). Don't you find… 

Broward school teacher expected to admit she tipped off drug dealers about investigation  

#brenda fucking cartoon having sex 

In an already #nature-depleted #Britain. The Culling of these incredible animals The Badger, is morally and scientifi… 

Defined by death. Driven by desire. Drawn to destiny. #JuliettesAngel #nytbestseller 

I HATE SHEPHERD SMITH HE IS CRAZY AS A PET COON NO MORE FOX TODAY

So proud of you Caroline! Not only did she dance to a choreographed solo by Elizabeth, she choreographed her own... 

#SAFC fans: Safety Authorities are aware of problems at Watford FC and have asked the club for a response. Those dela… 

Absolutely, when I say let him work, for someone else it might be get a shot up. For Jokic, it's find the best shot… 

The 100th dirty Everton tackle in this game results in an injury. Maybe if Taylor had done his job in the 1st, game would be under control.

but yah rolfe is more accurate since they married irl but they showed more chemistry n connection between poca n smith in the 1st movie so..

The Heart of a Soldering Station The CSI Premier 75W soldering station is a low-cost unit that has a lot of fe… 

when harmos talk about feminism no doubt that it makes me fucking cringe

Arise Oh Patriots, shout it from the Mountain Top, We will not be silenced, by the Satanic Liberal Left. Do let our Liberal Colleges

Roundass ebony tasted before getting her juggs fucked in hd 

TFW MAGAZINE AT MONSTERPALOOZA... SARTURDAY APRIL 2017  All Rights Reserved 2017. #TFW... 

Starting rotation for the RiverDogs: Nick Green, Jio Orozco, Brian Keller, Nick Nelson, Freicer Perez, Albert Abreu.... Yes - 6 starters!

Italy's traffic cops have a new weapon: a police-modified 200 mph Lamborghini  by #CNN via… 

Send me your location, let's focus on communication', cause I just need the time and place to come thru  

Céline Dion Wore a Phenomenal Huge Bow to the 'Beauty and the Beast' Premiere  

Listen. Hannah and I got so mad at this ending, and her mom had to hear allllll about it.  

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

I spent approximately 2hrs outside and I'm already doing my best impression of a lobster 

If your workers’ comp has been denied, consult with our lawyers to help you get the benefit you are owed. 

thirsty ho strikes again and this time she's mad jel   

Take the Kama Sutra. How many people died from the Kama Sutra as opposed to the Bible? Who wins? ― Frank Zappa

One time I had this very short instrumental music snippet stuck in my head and I just couldn't quite remember exactly what it was.

"A Group Of Villagers Find Their Missing Friend Inside Of A Huge Swollen Python After They Cut Open 

NEW Risport Super Diamant Ice Figure Roller Skates Skating Boot Girls 1  

Papa Pray for me for GOD's favour in every area of my life,Finances,Career,Relationship and For GOD Of Major1 to Bles… 

Never envy anyone you see the glory without knowing their story #survivorsspeak #sacramento2017 

I won't be making the summer body deadline this year so!!!! MORE SELFIES!!! #1poundawayfrombbw… 

Not sure who to ask for medical help? Call 111 free and we’ll help you find the NHS service you need #NHS111 

 GYM INSPIRATION BY MUSCULAR ATHLETIC BEAUTIES - March 31, 2017 at 11:33PM #Fitness 

Lord, thank You for Your word and for the light of Your love that comes through it. It will be the guide for my journey forever. Amen.

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 288 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

I finds out my girlfriend and friend fucking 

Construction on #I990 SB from North French Road to START ROUTE I-990; from I-290 Youngmann Expressway 

I don't understand why Instagram and Twitter are always having these stupid ass updates

There are not enough Homes.Pls have us #SpayedAndNeutered so we don't Die in Shelters andthat includes our Puppy  Fri… 

Bernard Matthews new owner axes 114 jobs at Norfolk HQ -  Unite union says employees feel "betrayed" after Boparan...

#AppleWatch New Apple Watch Update Lets Siri Control Your Workout Apps - SELF 

i don't like to do this type of stereotype but listening to joey badass's music is the most dweebish and get no bitches thing of all time

All Students Can Find Power in Thinking Like Computer Scientists #blogs #feedly 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

You know what happens to people that trust a pathological liar? They get fucked over! Repeatedly! 

How to Learn Language? #LearnLanguage   2017/4/1 13:25

Cell Phone Credit Card Holder Stick On Wallet Case w/ RFID Blocking for Panasonic Elu  

Kate Upton announces engagement to Tigers' Justin Verlander #JustinVerlander #KateUpton #KateUpton 

Paul is here with YOUR comments after Liverpool came away from the Britannia with 3 much needed points! 

Every Conserv, Repub clutching their pearls tonight over justified airstrike who said last yr "but Obama will do nothing!" are hypocrites.0

GAME LOT - OVER 90 GAMES - Sony PS1 PS2 Nintendo Wii NES Xbox 360 #G8  

guatemalan girl getting fucked #block sex 

My top 3 favorite finishing moves 1. Sweet Chin Music 2. Flying Elbow Drop 3. Code Breaker #WrestleMania

It's really fucking up if you said I seen the message, then went into the group chat and talked in there. So if you sent it before hand, why

She tell me how she sick of dude I tell her how my bitch tripping, she like he won't let her out the house and she tryn get wit me

Gyms Should Highlight The Risks Of Drug Misuse, Nice Says … :  .,,, 

Redemption: former football star has new mission after years behind bars.  

Josh Dobbs: I majored in aerospace engineering, I can learn a playbook  

Niggas whomst call you stupid for using their words against them 

You're looking for entertainment of a different sort; your min... More for Sagittarius 

How to Pronounce Ass Fucking ↺RT  #

11:11 - a job a fucking job doing what I want to do that's it...to pass the bar and a fucking job

So there are real criminals who wear police uniforms to commit crimes. And real police who commit crimes in plain clothes. Choices choices

This was our first course. A lemon grass and crab soup topped with lump crab, sour apple pop rocks and smoked almon… 

Well they can remove the tattoo but they cannot remove their records and history...unless Obozo was still in office. 

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of the Pirate Empress Boa Hancock!  #TreCru 

ATandT’s Unlimited Plus wireless plan will now include free HBO  

2017 QUAD CORE AMAZON TV FIRE STICK JAILBROKEN ALEXA VOICE MOBDRO, FULLY LOADED  

Kodak said " that push wetter than chicken noodle soup"      bitch whet

Michael McKeogh, his orderly, were married at Versailles during World War II. Maureen Hargrave (left) and Versailles archivist Karine McGrat

Are you sure your are doing the right thing. Take this quick #quiz and see. 

The Great and Mighty Warlock murderously shouts Enraging Vision (using a 3rd level spell slot) with intent to frighten an enemy!

#Enlarge2017 is a Family event and is absolutely FREE ! Venue : TBS , Onikan Lagos DAte : Sunday, 9th April Whisper to a Friend !

I seriously have an unnatural hatred for these people.  via u/Hambone76 #meme

i need the bitter taste of coffee. coffee and its bold taste. the aroma. oh, fuck. coffeegasm, is that a thing?

Ugly niggas that refuse to admit they're ugly are the worst.

Hot air balloons are currently on offer at £20! (Rrp £25). Offer ends Wednesday 5th April. Pick… 

I'm really fucking sick a tired of people complaining about not smoking weed for a WHOLE day. Go 8 months then talk to me.

When you find out someone you know and dislike is going out with someone who shagged someone else that you know. But they don't know   

America needs #Comedy4Comity to lower partisan stupidity! Got a better ideas than Komodia? LET'S HEAR THEM! 

August Smart Deadbolts Lock - Keyless Home Entry with Your Smartphone, Red  

"Rocky Mountain Sunset" taken from Wilkerson Pass in Colorado August 2010 right after a mountain rain storm, when... 

Let's see how many tributes you sissy bitchs will send to a sassy high class sex bomb as I close my LED'S for the n… 

#bitcoin How Telephones Work: “How the Telephone Talks” circa 1927 Bray Studios An   #bitcoin

What is career and technical education? See resources and research on #CTE here: 

50PCS Wholesale Natural Stone Gemstone Round Spacer Loose Beads 4MM , Opal  

Offshore Supply Vessel Market Growing at CAGR of 6.03% During 2016 to 2021- ReportsnReports - 

NEW DELHI: Union Minister Kiren Rijiju today criticised the Delhi government's move to pay fees of a lawyer repr…… 

1 fish, 2 fish these North Holland 1st graders #readin the underwater library #nh2017 #gowo 

Because it would be a road trip without me going down the block before realizing I forgot one last thing  

Don't look for it outside. Joy is always in you, all you've got to do is awaken to it. - Roxana Jones #quote

Gang Members Leak Shameless Pictures Of The Police Officer Who Arrested Their Leader 

Still live - #TeamEmmmmsie your welcome to promote yourself in my stream if your on the team!… 

I make shit happen no matter what situation I'm in. I'm hungry for a greater life so nothing or no one can get in my way.

Anderson and Moss execute a picture perfect Hit and Run to the right side! Runners on 1st and 2nd.

IM NOT EVEN MAD. THEY FUCKING DID THAT #Wrestlemania

Jordin Sparks, Chris Brown - No Air ft. Chris Brown  #nowplaying #listenlivebegradio

Grizzly bears belong in their key historic homelands of the North Cascades. Sign our petition: 

If u say baseball is boring than your an ignorant dumbass tbh

Don't give up. Stay positive. You can do it!  <EMOJI>️ #dontgiveup #staypositive #weightlossjourney #progressnotperfection 

[Thunderspace 5k ~ Focus, Sleep, Relax, Meditate in a thunderstorm with rain and nature sounds](… 

He's an expert on horses but see how Jockey Ruby Walsh gets on with the cows and the sheep! he's tonight's guest pres… 

13 people followed me and 9 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Lord knows why I agreed to work 6 days with week, it's Tuesday and I'm fucking shattered mate

a boy:"wuu2 x" me: deciding what marvel movie to watch AGAIN x im too fucking awkward and weird

The idiot's dream is to become a man who has nothing to give for his birthday. 

Like you trumpers who come running when trump snaps his fingers. Maybe he'll laugh when you sit up (cont) 

Listen to Hon. Amelia Kyambadde make some very enlightening points whilst speaking at last years #LEF16 >>>… 

Garrick just slept in my bed for 2 hours while I scratched his head/back, and getting back in bed all alone kinda sucks

Clash Royale: THE BANDIT'S BATTLE SKILLS! (New Clash Royale Card!) -  

2012 Porsche Panamera Sport Turismo Concept at Paris Auto Show  

Banks don't care Telecom companies don't care Airlines don't care Online stores don't care And we call this the age when customer is king.

One thing that happens when you've made writing a practice. Every day for ten years. You can write when you need to write. #amwriting

Ridley wrote, in part: LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING ABOUT NIGGERS, the oppressed minority within our minority.... 

MY VIEW, RUSSIA tactics are NOT new then the US should have been on top things white ppl in AMERICA think they are the smartest in the room

6th District Race: In New Ad, Handel Rips Candidates' 'Gimmicks'  

REAL SHIT BRO OML y'all annoying 

This shit just fucked me up for the rest of the day lol I need to go smoke now  

Even within all systems gods and goddess found perfection unattainable for most 2395739027523907532097235097325297090724524942(7

  YASSS It's time for a great show   OMGitsBrii  :What's up    

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

Resource prob in #mentalhealth: patient numbers up, fuelled by tackling stigma, hard for extra resources to keep up. 

Hookup With Horny Girls In Your Area. Try this out >>  

Videos like this are fucking bullshit, bye 

Love our followers. Majority of them couldn't give less of a damn about Chicago sports. We respect the hell out of… 

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

Normally, you're more than happy to go along with a friend on ... More for Sagittarius 

Students are the forefront of this University, so we must elect someone that will keep their Voice strong! Xanté Wa… 

It's just one of those evenings. #campervan #vanlife pic by  

Checkout the April newsletter from the Division of Ag. We talk about potato propagation and growing asparagus in AK 

Ilex mitis (Aquifoliaceae) or Hazondrano (Malagasy name) means "water tree": a plant that may be a water-ground ind… 

Cleared: Multi-vehicle crash in Palm Beach on Floridas Turnpike south beyond SR 710, right shoulder blocked. Content provided by Waze....

1 Million Views on #Youtube #PekkeanDiBus Geeta Zaildar KeepWatching | KeepSharing | KeepSupporting... 

Omg the more I watch this the more I want to do this...Naked I can do ,food source makes me nervous since I like to… 

Bitch mad because I trap all night and ain't got time to help wit the groceries  

I'm so pissed because as soon as I get to work they don't have me on the fucking floor chart

Some people have some nerve still asking me for favors , if you don't miss me with the fucking bullshit

At least 3 dead after school trip bus crash in Sweden  

Gotta look out for Bournemouth, we're fucked anyways this season, 5th place needed to rebuild

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Alicia Wilsion, Harvard's premiere student. Scoring a 320 in Language Arts-the college credit+ level. Congratulatio… 

Story of MY fucking life    ‍ 

HONESTY HOUR: like this post and I'll dm you a name and you gotta quote the tweet and be honest about how you feel about them   

Which one of you took my name on club penguin island?? Now what am I supposed to name my little boy?

Idiots must be getting pretty bored 2 attack Pence's HONORABLE marital practices! Who watches this feces infested g… 

Demonstration on how hard it is to hide a flash drive at #Costco... #saturdayshopping… 

 Donald Trump's first 10 weeks in office by the numbers  Know first: 

just realized there's no HTTT on tonight's setlist. when has that ever happened... 2 amnesiacs but no The Gloaming. strange. #radioheadmiami

When you think you might start fw a nigga and then he say some off the wall shit and you just like   ‍  ‍

business: Trump administration is alarmed the Chinese may bid for Westinghouse nuclear business … 

You would love to call it quits early in the day so you can le... More for Cancer 

Already getting their faces sat on, so y'all stop being stingy and help the rest of us grow ours 

From “ashamed” to a defense of Assad: Republican lawmakers offer varied reactions to recent chemical attack in Syri… 

IM SO TRIGGERED RN SOME GIRLS NEVER MOVE ON AND NEVER STOP TELLING LIES BC THEY CANT LIVE W/O DRAMA AHAHA KEEP MY NAME OUTTA YO MOUTH HONEY

A wonderful good morning to all my Twitter friends. Have a great Saturday and take care. Martina from Germany… 

It's an all-too-familiar lesson for you Archers: more of a goo... More for Sagittarius 

Lesbo Bitch Acquires Cunt Fucked 

Futurology: Adidas reveals the first 3D-printed shoe it’ll mass produce via /r/Futurology 

You're an idiot - Bonang Matheba lashes out on Twitter  

this is really bad GUI this has no relevance to the twitter bird wtf 

3 new followers in the last week and it is more than just stats, I use it for growing my account! Try it 

Huawei’s Honor wants you to test out its latest hardware and software  

I'm laughing I don't like Roman but everyone's being so dramatic any other time yall want the legends/part timers to put over the young guys

You may lose your sense of purpose, only to uncover a more mea... More for Sagittarius 

Candida infections of the central nervous system Candida infections of the central nervous system (CNS) most often involve the ...

While APC was workin on d street strategically 4 votes PDP was lookin 4 something to spoil BUHARI name. Team Efe on the street 24/7 #BBNaija

03-30 Cara Delevingne, Kendall Jenner Wax Figures To Be Unveiled At Madame Tussauds In London…  #CaraDelevingne

Homeless man called a bum, this will change your perspective  

Ryan Dilbert's 10-Count: #WWE SmackDown's Tag Teams Continue to Get the Shaft 

This verse really stood out to me this morning! " You ( God) shall surround me with songs of deliverance." We... 

Liberals right now: Smh wish that woke bae Hillary​ Clinton was bombing Syria instead of Dangerous Donald Drumpf

#NFL Wire: Tom Coughlin will 'have to stifle' coaching inclinations  

#naruto and sakura sex pics fat girl gettibg fucked 

Lets start a chain of justice for manish khari !!! If you are a true indian ... Put this image as ur dp n ask justi… 

Why I watched this when I was on my bed after turn off the lights in my room? 

it's really disgusting the amount of bitches you niggas cum into...like take pride in your wood....BEFORE IT FALLS OFF!!!!   ‍  

 When the same guy who wants to use nuclear weapons bombs #Syria with no Congressional approval: It's now… 

Pretty sure I've been crazy these past weeks cause I stopped taking my anxiety pills, I know now I need them

what i do have a problem tho w is my man having friends that don't know how to mind their fucking business, regardless of their gender.

what if like ur parents sat you down and were like "honey we have something to tell you.... we're kin with the onceler. both of us."

First a train bombing, then the chemical attacks, then the boming in Syria, and now Terrorist attacks in Sweden ? What. The. Fuck.

now I have to drive all the way to md to pick up a fucking piece of paper    

'Worldwide momentum' on climate change despite Trump - UN official  

Just had peas for breakfast and half a painkiller, it's all good now. And no, I didn't eat the peas because I was doped up, I like peas for

Earth's Dark Sector Defense is incredibly easy to get money. 13,000 credits for just 5 waves. Can be done in less than 5 minutes.

That??? Throw them in the toilet... My ass ain't going to jail... So does my friends... All of them. 

Remembrance of things past is not necessarily the remembrance of things as they were 

Are we fucking 12? If you get your news from here and tweet your every opinion please stfu.

  — Fucking sick bro 

1 horrible cunt that Ross Barkley. 2 bad tackles and 1 shocking tackle. How the fuck is he still on the pitch!!

tonya the whore didnt want my dickin her ass to bad 

magi: introduces the generals me: wow.. me: introduces the ren family me: amazing.. magi: shafts both for a 34 yr old godkin throwing a fit

Who is a fucking nobody here ?   

When you have a toddler, you do things like perform your morning rites in the bathroom after you pee.

I've just watched episode S01E12 of The Future Diary! #futurediary  

Although your intuition is functioning at a very high level to... More for Taurus 

DO THESE FUCKING DEMOCRAT ASSHOLES HAVE SOME DIGNITY and STOP FAKING and LYING THROUGH EVERY HOLE IN THEIR BEINGS? 

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of the Pirate Empress Boa Hancock!  #TreCru 

Dick Sucking and Fucking Goddess 

I have had enough mimosæ that my vitamin C levels could kill the strongest of colds and probably most human beings

Watching an old man shovel trail mix into his mouth on the bus while listening to Aretha is my "why am I crying" in the club moment

I hate tomatoes because I hate bananas and bananas taste like tomatoes. Don't argue.

If you're not going to turn then TURN YOUR FUCKING BLINKER OFF

Much truer and on point than blame Obama John McCain Pokes 'Defiance of Reality' on Syria - Roll Call 

"family oriented" except if you're queer or trans or a woman who doesn't want to be a baby machine, then you're Ana… 

How Cindy Crawford Has Paved the Way for Kendall Jenner: Kendall Jenner hit a new milestone in her career this week… 

Let's clear our Patio out of the old Weber models. Don't miss the discounts. 

Sweet round #ass Get more pics at  #CherryPimps #porn 

3M Blue 120V 110V 5050SMD Flexible Flat LED Strip Rope Light+US Power Plug  

Anxiety Makes You Feel Like You’re Fucked Up 

Please dont be afraid of what people might think if you have to tell a teacher/parent something that you think could save someone's life.

I'm so thankful for parents as chill as mine cause they really don't give af as long as I'm honest 9/10.  ‍

20 questions I have about Teletubbies for my gadget blog  

why on earth did i take this god awful fucking shift oh my god

A date where I can eat, drink and play video games   or go to an amusement park   

Thoughts whrilin' round, keep twrilin' round, they're swirlin' round me head without a sound, none to be found, stark silence, restless bed.

so he turns it on and immediately this fucking anime bullshit music starts BLASTING through the room and Coworker, who knows I

You aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your... More for Virgo 

I bet ninety percent of the people in that arena don't even know why they're booing him. #RAWaftermania

Halsey Opens Up About Feeling ‘Comfortable In Her Depression’  

Zorg ZF-1 – Shoot Now, Ask For Multipass Later  #zorg 

Class of 2017, your spring TN Promise meeting is this Wednesday, April 5th at 1 PM. Make sure you are present... 

Omg sign of the times is just sO FUCKING PERFECR I'M SHOOK

#AaronRodgers 2015 Panini Certified Football Aaron Rodgers Stars Gold #11/50  #NFL #Packers

Republican Health Proposal Would Undermine Coverage for Pre-existing Conditions 

All the Nigerian men had entered Malaysia as students in local private colleges 

What the fuck is wrong with these players? No fighting spirit whatsoever! Losing the ball and then walking!!!!

What are YOU doing to make it a great day?   ZACHARY Grooming: Barbie #makeitgreat #begreat… 

Hope is the only bee that makes honey without flowers. Robert Green Ingersoll #VSCO #VSCOCam… 

#boobs caught this hot chick in the train. Watch video here  

Nigerian Lady from Edo State Shamelessly Fights Man in the Streets of Italy  

BBC Secures Broadcast Rights to Glastonbury Festival Through 2022 | Vari.. Related Articles: 

BISH I MISSED THIS WHAT A FUCKING QUEEN 

Sheriff Mark Dannels advises dispatchers how much he appreciates them. Go Team! 

Dushan School Complex by West-line studio  #architecture 

Report: Susan Rice requested “unmasking” of U.S. persons in raw intel connected to Trump and ass #CultureAndMedia 

Marie Fucked in Doggy Position while moaning 

You might be puzzled today when you realize that your plans ar... More for Aries 

she's/he's drowning in all of their mistakes and can't seem to find a way to come back up, to reach the surface

Everything seems to be falling into place today. However, ther... More for Taurus 

#BBNaija is it my fault that I have given Efe more than 300 votes so far? Time 2 express our love for him with moni even if he dsn't know me

Or Russians are targeted and hit. Still WW3 erupts and people will die astaghfirallah. And today is the 7th of rajab. The fucking irony.

#runwaymagazine spots #PARISJACKSON during the 28th Annual GLAAD Media Awards in #LosAngeles 

The politicians -animals are dancing on the street of Pakistan-AAM ADMI are looking at them-and then look in the sky in search of God-

I have four Snapchat best friends, 1 and 4 are siblings and 2 and 3 are siblings   

If you a boy and you think eating   nasty . Bitch you're childish  

With help from Pence, House Republicans suddenly rekindle health-care talks - The Washington Post 

You really look beautiful I just want to meet you s... — Wow thank you but I got a mans so... 

THIS yes what IS wrong with u people omg nasty as hell 

the fact that it took a book/show to wake up people....y'all should already be knowing this hm 

Pink Reveals Her Weight, Says She Doesn't Feel Obese  

I AM FINALLY DONE WITH ALL MY #SXSW2017 POSTS AND I FEEL LIKE DOING THE CARLTON Thank you, thank you very much... 

7 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 5 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you 

Yeahh everytime we link we make a movie I just fucked your bitch inside a jacuzzi

Greetings Shinobies We all knew that Tsunade is bad at gambling... but why it's so hard to beat her in dice... 

dude rape culture these days is insane like some people are so fucking warped

He bloody loves his son, why's that a fucking problem???? 

Just got home and my nan asked if I was going to bed I mean you know damn well I am but what an assumption

The Jaw is strong with this one.... Gorgeous... But it's mighty strong... Her head could anchor a yacht ... But I L… 

It's Magnolia season in full bloom! Our beautiful prop is the perfect compliment, baby Oliver 7 days new...... 

TV Star and Prince Harry GF Meghan Markle Wrote About Being a Biracial Actress -  

This book speaks of the original language of scripture and the comparison of God's modern voice in English verses His ancient in Hebrew - WOW.

Smile,you're on Fucked Uped Camera! 

White House: We feel very good about discussions on Obamacare - Reuters  via FXstreetNews

Sally was stolen on 6.3.2017 from Orchard Park, Cambridge She is a black/white border collie and is very much missed 

MARTIN LUTHER KING - THE FATAL SHOT CAME FROM A…  #ASSASSINATION #COVERUPDECEPTIONSPROPAGANDA #HIDDENHISTORY

Very impressed with Avery's in Lapeer they came and picked up my car from my house yesterday and even though they... 

Yeah, yeah, short faced bear is the #2017MMM champion...but the honey badger is still pretty badass #TeamHoneyBadger 

#architecture #interiordesign #deco The BSB Cabin ? A Trip to the Frozen North 

You hope to retreat to your office and work in relative silenc... More for Aquarius 

Changes to H-1B visa policy could have a chilling effect on the tech industry 

Police says it's possible to trace finger prints. We have however not seen any case solved by matching finger print… 

I got niggas rollin' dat would dead be with it Choppa move, nigga roll him with it You choke down roll,load and get

Smoking dangers I WRITE this letter as a wake up call and a warning to all Bahamians, young and old, Black and... 

govt: dont litter! shopping centres: has literally two fucking dustbins per level

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Brussels, B for now (12h28m01s UT): 15°39'21.1'' #Leo (AC) / 29°22'02.0'' #Aries (MC)

Brokerages Expect On Deck Capital Inc $ONDK Will Announce Earnings of -$0.16 Per Share  #acn

First talk about farmers problem honorable PM.. Then talk about India Bangladesh Strengthening #pmoindia… 

Mere fact you made that shows how close we are to uncovering critical mass of collusion from Trump camp. These two?… 

'New Journey to the West' PD says all 6 members will be returning for season 4!  by… 

JUST WANNA SAY GOD BLESS MY POPS FOR NOT USING A RUBBER AND KREATING ME I LOVE YOU SO MUCH G CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU AGAIN. HAPPY BIRTHDAY

I drew this using a charcoal pencil but it didn't turn out great as the pencil was dull and not pointed but it's st… 

#Netflix adds a screensaver to its #TV #apps to promote its original content  

This boy is everything I've ever dreamed of #doglife #myboy #lovehim #dogsofinsta 

Tamar Braxton Opens Up About Tragic Miscarriage, Says 'Beyonce Gives Me Hope' 

so. apparently i interpret "send me a recipe" as please explain to me every possible thing that could go wrong and the solutions and maybe

Edwsrd gave Maymay a Heart Shape Necklace in MB..meaning of HSP is.. #InsideShowbizLovesMayWard 

All these fucking idiots debating this Trump bullshit like they matter

A host at 118.163.61.31 (TW, N/A - N/A) tried to log into my honeypot's fake Terminal Services server... #netmenaces 1

"The secret in education lies in respecting the student." - Ralph Waldo Emerson 

  YASSS It's time for a great show  BossLadyMona :#Sleepover # shar  

Zayn: I Don't Wanna Live Forever Niall: This Town Louis: Just Hold On Harry: #SignOfTheTimes Liam: 

I never thought this would be our first conversation ... But I Hear You Ahk. Allah Knows Best. You always got my su… 

Let Brandi do my hair so I could go my disgusted ass inside

DEPRESSION-do as warren buffett +all billionaires do when they're depressed=THEY MAKE OTHERS DEPRESSED-Haha 

One Key Element To A Strong Apostolic Church Is Strong Minstrels And Psalmists!!! #Yehuda #FreshThought

Lexington [Middlesex Co, MA] HAM RADIO reports SNOW of 1.90 INCH at 31 Mar, 9:49 PM EDT -- HAM RADIO  #weather

SpaceX has successfully recovered the Falcon 9 rocket it just reused for the first time in history 

MarketWatch: RT Moneyish: NCAA championships may return to North Carolina as ‘bathroom bill’ is flushed down toilet 

reading comics is so hard theres so many different comics happening at once that are connected to each other

it's been real   #SB17 It may not be mexico or florida, but spending time with my fam and friends was well worth i… 

.But, after the shower hit the fan, Farkas is trying to call back her public statements. As she will likely be a ca… 

The strange case of VB6 getting “access denied” building ActiveX DLL running with Registry virtualization: 

what has me not thinking everyone from sm is talented to do with me not knowing what it is like in SM? 

The Bergens didn’t know how to dance or sing or hug. They were the most miserable creatures alive. - Trolls movie   

Thanks for being one of the very few people who have never disappointed me. Thanks for being the best Aunt in the w… 

My canvas today at work. Lots of circles and straight(ish) lines. Fancy a run anyone? #ukrunchat 

"Gen fund $'s will go into HAVA programs... Option 2 will allow more transparency." Ways and Means Chair Carlton on #NVLeg choices.

god someone please just fucking play minecraft with them

PALLET SHIPPING - Weslo Cadence G 5.9 Treadmill Two-Position Incline WLTL29609  

Taking the #monoliths to #Microservices jump can be fraught with challenges. Here's what you need to know 

"Time and money spent in helping men to do more for themselves is far better than mere giving." ~Henry Ford

Gshit though I can't stand a nigga who can't be a father to his kid but was more then likely begging u to have it

i jsut ufkcing accidentally got a fucking prime membership and i had to like scramble to cancel it

Who Will Die in Tonight's 'Walking Dead' Finale? Take Our Poll  

WWAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT WITWAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT KIVATS DAD FUCKED

'Destiny 2' DLC Release Dates Leak: Bungie memo to GameStop may have spilled the details 

Our Top 10 series has nearly closed out, but first see who the top 10 #LightsOut #closers are in #baseball 

Toronto's Briefcasefest Gets Sunlight's Bane, Angantyr, Völur for 2017 Edition - 

#China, #ASEAN inch closer to South China Sea code of conduct  #CodeOfConduct #IndoAsiaPac 

Here we provide tips on ensuring your restrictive covenants work for your #dental 

Today 08/4/1941 This day 1941 British cargo ship Helena Margarita torpedoed/sunk Atlantic lost 27 of 36 crew Any1 have link? #crewlist #WW2

Update: Incident on #I295 SB from South of Exit 40 - NJ 38 to Exit 26S - NJ 42/I-76/I-676 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me Pour your misery down, pour your misery down on me

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

The judiciary has been threatened. .."integrity on test" let's see how they deal with this issue. .. *Verbal... 

True love isn't about being inseparable; its about two people being true to each other even when they are separated.

“PRAY like it all depends on God. WORK like it all depends on you.” That’s the mentality we should have when we... 

Happy Sunday Hair Vibes  #hairinspiration and photo via one of our style crushes momcrushmonday 

#3Novices : Pitching the Liva effect: Know Birla Cellulose's approach towards branding  How often does one buy clot…

There is none. Like at all. Frfr Fucking idiots 

Avocados aren’t just for eating, you can have fun with them too! Check out our activities #AFMsweepstakes -… 

I'd respect him if he got hit once and just walked away but she full blown attacked/ harassed him. Fuck that bitch 

 Former CIA Officer: White House 'Purposefully Misleading American People' On Susan Rice #allPolitics

I CANT GET OVER THESE FUCKING PHOTOS EVERY TIME ONE POPS UP ON MY TL I BURST OUT LAUGHING 

The store had a good sale! It was Monday! I knew it was evil, but I didn't suspect Kardashian-level horror was coming!

Made me cry, brought my experience right back in front of my eyes. Still waiting for my hair to grow.. thank you fo… 

"I saw my grandfather sitting... suffocated." This 13-year-old teen lost 19 family...  by… 

soemtimes i Think im so funyn and Popular ? then i Look at ym dms and i Realize how big of a Joke i Am.......

OFFICIAL: Londesborough Lightning fixtures for the summer 2017 season #MWNC  

Or they'll just go play golf and talk about BLOTUS new trademarked hookers. Plans for expansion of the line, etc.… 

Very Susan, that's exactly what my garden is to me, cathartic and therapeutic, have a lovely day x      

DAVID YURMAN INFINITY 14x14mm MORGANITE NECKLACE Length 17 Inch  

Madonna Shades Longtime Enemy Pepsi Following Kendall Jenner’s Controversial Ad  

Shah sb, that's the only reason you get elected. If you educate Sindh PPP will never win elections. 

Yummy milf with a great ass Jynx Maze ride shard dick reverse and face to face 

[Fansided: Emerald City Swagger] Seattle Mariners: Fan’s Review of MLB 17 The Show  #Mariners

Nigerian Pilot at long last accomplishes his life-long ambition of becoming the first African to fly around the…… 

News: ProQuest Helps Libraries Meet Demand for Chinese-language Resources  

Why Should A Doctor Who’s Trained To Save Life Do This?  

After *Annie and Tom's* Bottino Chelsea #NYCWedding I heard #TheBeachBoys "Don't Worry Baby" and had one of those perfect #BrianWilson moments X

Pj Tucker should of took all that energy and ran his ass down the court to play some D. NBA players such crybabies sometimes

Vanessa you're fucking retarded. 

Heyah hope you're having a good day :) — hello and thank uu i hope u r having a great day to... 

From 01-Apr-17, Petrol Price down by Rs 2.77 / Ltr and Diesel rate down by Rs 2.91 / Ltr. Find the latest price in 

If it wasn't cause I have to come into work I woulda went home got me fucked up

Fuck y'all!!!!!!!                                                                                                  … 

Click here to watch the movie:  Jenna Jameson Babe Fucked By A Soldier 

More than 1 in 5 U.S. adults were infected by a type of high-risk HPV, CDC report shows 

Trump will donate his first quarter salary — $78,333 — to the National Park Service, White House says 

Indoor Exercise Bicycle Bike Cycling Health Fitness Stationary Static Cardio ... :  

Sirens!!!! My be Dallas Fort Worth, never new my siren sample used so much craziness and could be heard... 

I don't know why I just stopped working or watch Mouallem tell the world that they have too much morales to gas people.

Changing His Tune? Dem Rep Schiff: Nothing Definitive on Trump-Russia Collusion - Breitbart 

How did I spend my late Friday night? Trying to find the pulse in my check with cassie   #athletictraining

It's probably bad that I assume Bannon stepping down from National Security Council has something to do with Russia investigation

Practical 3mm + 5mm Red Yellow Green LED Light - emitting Set - 100 PCS, only $5.17  via… 

Blind tadpoles learn visually with eyes grafted onto tail, neurotransmitter drug treatment 

Somebody, Push me on a dick, please ! Push,don't be shy  

#MUFC's V2 rocket style of football is fucking sickening! Shite!

Tonight begins a run through the collected works of the mighty Shane Meadows beginning with This Is England.… 

Decided on 5 dogs I want when I'm older but dunno how im gonna choose between them. Looks like I'm gonna have to be a crazy dog lady    

We are shopping for music producers to partner with for our movie project, we need Dance sound tracks. Its a Dance movie project

And you're being especially egregious and pretentious when you pretend it's for the sake of "diversity."

A solar thermal aerator prototype could improve aquaculture in developing countries 

cock riding sex #retarded fucking 

You may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r... More for Leo 

Fucking sick son of a bitch 

THEFIRSTTRILLIONAIRE Seven added to U.S. terrorism list, including jailed British preacher  via #SAPNAJHA

Noriko tends to drop her books in school, Kasasagi then usually gives them to her, he works at the school library.

download video: Manchester United 0 – 0 West Bromwich Albion [Premier League]…  

You might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie... More for Cancer 

The only good thing about April 1st this year is Troy Baker's birthday and Red vs. Blue: Season 15's release.

The boys take on Oregon tomorrow in a double header at nishan first game at 3 second at 5... everyone come out to the lagoon and support!!!

Just got my handm and asos clothes IM FUCKING HYPE

Law enforcement authorities (SFO, City of London police, NCA, FBI, Europol, IPA, FCA, SEC, Judges) please help Afren share holders!!!

National Archives telling the White House to keep each of Pres. Trump's tweets, even those he deletes or corrects. 

Start with Bismillah. End with Alhamdulillah. Patience with SubhanAllah. Promise with InsyaAllah. Your life will be blessed by Allah. :’)

Russia bomb suspect rented apartment in St. Petersburg month before attack  

Be sure to follow us on Twitch. We do live DevStreams every Friday!  #Gamedev #indiegame

Dammit. I don't have anyone who can relate to this with an emotional level! I thought this was so beautiful

How would your #Business like 20 chances to WIN part of $40,000 in top industry #Marketing Tools:… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive Profile: Those who follow their dreams!  #TreCru 

I went to buy gars and this random nigga gone ask if I wanna match......nigga no! don't know you

Trump objections don't stop overhaul of Baltimore police - Washington Post: Washington Post… 

6 Considerations For Adapting Virtual Reality In Education -  #virtualyreality #edtech… 

Salted caramel crepe with caramelised almonds and whipped cream   sooo good! Didn't hurt that… 

Amazons two day shippings got me fucked up because anything that takes longer than two days to come feels like an eternity

OMG IM SCREAMING Uncle: I'm scared to go on fb bc someone might go 'hello daddy' Everyone in the car: *Dies of laughter*

Your life is a study of extremes today. On one hand, you're in... More for Virgo 

Iain Glen talks book-to-screen changes and Jorah Mormont’s longevity  

Got a video ready for tomorrow hope you enjoy it. But that will be the only video of the weekend because my birthday is tomorrow  Celebrate!

I've done this routinely. PTA business, political business, and even just as platonic friends getting together. I… 

Pure PEDEHUM Delux Mini Dehumidifier, 27 oz. Capacity, 10 oz Absorption Rate  

OMG.. Happy April Fools Day from Robert Reich. Despite having Russian agents in the White House we can still laugh… 

Damn I need a Dana Schwartz in my life to defend me like this when I fuck up. I'm 23! I'm a child! 

One thing I deadass hate is when a "rapper" or whoever you think is a rapper is when they go over 30secs in the beginning w/o saying a word

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

Went to see #MissNightingale at the Vaults. Fine multi-instrumentalist cast? Check. Fortunes of war? Check. Full… 

Your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you... More for Gemini 

anime girls fucked by tentcales 

Editorial: Try something new during Westminster Restaurant Week - Carroll County…  #mdwine

People are seriously mad about a FUCKING Pepsi Ad when there is WORST FUCKING SHIT to worry about?! THE FUCK?!?!?!?!

Y'all had to be bored af. Because I ain't fucking with no blues show. Y'all just like being in the moment of something

fuckfest ebony freaks fucked bbc redzill 

Just wanted to let you know, Critical Outcast is not going anywhere, just in a bit of a hiatus at the moment.... 

2014/15 Trilogy Double Box Break #1639 - San Jose Sharks  

What did Jesus mean when He said lay up for yourself treasure in heaven? How do we do that? Maybe by humble service to people around us.

#counrty girl getting fucked khloe kardashian nude pic 

Last Days of Roger Ailes Scripted Limited Series Lands at Showtime #news  

Made it - here's my room for the next three nights. Pretty pleased with that for less than £160 

idiot Jihadi Trudeau as in (Trou du Queue Feministe de Merde) who sold us out to islamic Saudis Salafists ISIS supp… 

That shit nasty asf my bitch gone die    

I'm happy that I get to see B but I'm not overly excited. It'll be good to catch up but in the back of my mind I know I've moved on.

#Dundee > |  Aberdeen vs Glasgow Rangers ...2017-04-08 14:00:00 Heart of Midlothian Dundee 2017-04-08 14:00:00 Inve…

SpotifyCares: xCaliGrrlx Hey! Don’t worry, we can help. What’s happening exactly? Can you let us know the device/operating system you’re us…

Our public education system is already undervalued. This will only increase the gap between people who can and cann… 

We want to thank everyone that came out and showed out. We first want to thank the crowd- y'all came out and... 

You might be gleefully anticipating a day off, only to be conf... More for Aquarius 

rosie is o fucking annoying bruh. i'm like .2 seconds away from decking this girl

A lot!!! Not to bars, clubs though... I'm all about creating memories. Adventures here and there are what I root fo… 

IT HAS been years since I stepped foot at the office of the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA). When my best... 

Striving to earn your keep makes you feel good about yourself ... More for Aries 

College girl fingered and fucked in dormroom 

Sometimes the best cure for a restless mind is a quiet night i... More for Pisces 

Today’s spotlight is on Dragonfly Cards and Gifts, an award winning card and gift shop run by mother and daughter... 

A fake court on a fake news channel that a fake president watches for fake news. #TheResistance #FoxNews 

Slut Was So Dirty That I Had To Wipe Her Ass Before Fucking  

Still livid that the Trump administration remains in the WH bc a responsible Congress would've started the process… 

WAIT JEFF DIES THAT AINT IN THE FUCKING BOOK 

Advisory Application Developer - .Net Full Stack: CIBC (Toronto): "The CIBC Technology team is…  #toronto #job #jobs

How To Tell Someone You Love Them Subtly Yet Sweetly  #relationship 

Who is the MF with his hand on his chin in ALG, that fucker needs dropping attitude stinks no emotion

I was finally getting use to sleeping for more than 3 hours a night....guess that's a thing of the past once again.. 

I worry about this all of the time. If the Nazis turn away from him it might not be as bad as I fear it will be.… 

Y'all really turned an internet troll into a whole conversation on race that wasn't needed or necessary   

Ignorant and simplistic assumptions about Syria got us where we are today but a few more will surely fix everything.

You aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your... More for Virgo 

Decided to display my pitchfork collection today with Cameron. #family #pgalife365 

When you see your man talking to that bitch you hate 

Maybe it is time to admit that #fireMatheny should be joined by #fireMabry to better the #STLCards...

if he a dwarf then y'all don't wanna see a picture of me next to him Bc he damn near 5inches taller than me   

So sad watching a video of a Syrian refugee making that hard decision of leaving her home and country for her family.

Susan Rice Has Repeatedly Changed Her Story, Given Two Different Answers On Unmasking Trump… 

This resource from #NSF can help you understand home water treatment systems and choose one for your home!… 

Join the CVS Health team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Walterboro, SC #Hiring

Nigga how do it matter how he get his points the fact that he averaging 28/8/8 in year 13 is CRAZY career high in A… 

More than 100 gay men kidnapped by authorities in Chechnya. 3 reported killed. Demand justice for the #Chechen100: 

I HIT A BIRD THIS MORNING AND IT GOT CAUGHT UNDERNEATH MY CAR CAR AND ALL I HAD TO DO WAS LISTEN TO IT DIE. IT WAS AWFUL

This girl is complaining that her grandma keeps calling her but id do anything to see my grandmas name pop up on my phone again  

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

Swahili wildlife > Handknit cotton stuffed zebras  #kidstoys #zebras 

I fucking HATE people that torch my time. $8 community is fucking CANCER!

James Brown! The Black Ceasar Soundtrack! Those that know, don't tell and those that tell, don't know. SHHH

"Let's ride baby, LETS FUCKING RIDE" 

#CineTV ‘#PiratesoftheCaribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales’: Will Turner Returns in New Teaser  

The Zookeeper's Wife review – Jessica Chastain drama is wildly inconsistent  

Week Ahead: Wall Street Is Near Records but as 2Q Begins Trump Threatens Stability $WDFC  

Hardcore Interracial Fucking Outdoors with Tasty Whores 

#Reliability #Webinar Announcements -let me know if any reliability related events are missing. 

#Feminism2017 DOESN'T KNOW WHAT A FUCKING WOMAN IS.

Yes  u say totally true Yr  sm Maya's fans bashing on aneri, goutam Arya fans totally lost own sanity    

also: reading all the reviews of 80$ phones by like fuckin iphone 7 owners who are extremely vicious that the phone cant scratch their ass

If you think abused,threatened, under 24hr fear of murder,genital mutilation victim #AyaanHirsiAli is a hate-monger...you're a terrible cunt

Baby Shower Whats In Your Purse in Orange Stripes theme:  #babyshowerinvites… 

Ocala FL USA - Clinical Sales Liaison - Kindred Hospital Ocala, FL - Kindred #Healthcare ranked as one of F...  #JOB

#Welkom lesbian #throatfuck #sexyselfies domination penetration #escorts #domination slutty fucking 

Jurgen Klopp questions England friendlies during Premier League run-in  

...Also I really don't want to disparage people because of their age, but when I thought it couldn't get any worse, he spoke in voice chat

Any Chance Of An American Idol Reboot In 2018 Is Now Probably Gone — Here's Why  

Still doing the QandA this week. I'm gonna be doing it in school so send me questions using #AskZuqqo   

How long must this #DogMeat tragedy continue in #SouthKorea KARA's #DogMeatBooklet  

Good evening ..l grew up thinking all kids with different handicaps are the real earthy angels! I seriously do -... 

#ebuy EX Kolinsky Acrylic Nail Brush Crimped for Acrylic Powder Manicure Pedicure: $15.95 End Date:…… 

these drinks only recover 5 SP at a time so if anyone needs some serious recovery they have to sit there and chug like 10 bottles

There are 4 songs on Svfari EP: Beautiful Human, Switch Your Love, For Something You Love, and The birds #SVFARIEP 

Exactly bitches swear shit sweet out here... you yourself don't want a friendly nigga so don't call me a asshole bc… 

Join #BrockHUMA for a talk today by Jill Planche on recuperating historical narratives of violence. 3:30pm TH269G. #BrockU

The magical feeling of staying in a glass igloo in Santa's hometown  #Forbes #India

holy christ. this fucking bangs. 

#NowPlaying: How Come You Don't Call Me By Alicia Keys On RNB Hits Radio - Smooth Groove ~ #ListenLive - 

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

Fucking Jennings would it kill you to pass a ball ever?!

Rumor has it that the Nuclear Deal has been signed by Malusi Gigaba. It hasn't even been a week and already... #CabinetReshufle

SN: the latter definitely bothers me more. I hate vulgar/super explicit songs. 

Literally can't believe I bought a ticket to minus zero and booked a place today holy shit what is my lofe     so grateful rn

"Wells Fargo Whistle-Blower Wins $5.4 Million and His Job Back" by STACY COWLEY via NYT  

3-5" expected. Guess there's nothing to do but #write Oh, darn. #writingtips 

Yeah, totally 'friends' damn near lookn like crip vs blood, I really do see the FULL friendship here   ‍   ‍ 

Microsoft Readies Next Phase of Its Convo-as-a-Service Plan --   

Research shows cyberbullying, peer violence, PTSD to be common, inter-related: early detection and treatment crucial 

Nope from what was released a week ago they will test themselves but won't hire agents 

Actual can't believe I'll have been working my arse off at the gym for a whole year next month and today I found out I've gained a stone.. 

Just Listed 5017 Graziano in Southern Highlands $339,900 4bed/3bath over 2400 sq ft, new pics coming soon… 

Hey im going to give you flu in a needle so you dont get flu..I wont get flu if people stopped fucking breathing their shitty needle crap

left school on a good note tho !! all A's except ofc physics bc i hate that class so much 

After hearing he got into an altercation with a #Knicks fan, I really hope James Dolan gets some help...

Just a greedy kid. Reaching out for 2 toys and inadvertently fucking them both up  

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

Are you satisfied with the skill competency of your team? Bolster the talents of your workforce - learn more. 

Ryan Zimmerman with a shot to right field brings in a run. The Nationals now lead 5-2 with the bases loaded and no outs in the 8th. #Nats

You know they said something fucked up when they bleep something out in porn. Jesus that caught me off guard.

Call me whatever you want, but like all other conflicts elsewhere, allah is the problem facing Syria,until when... 

Listening is a positive act: you have to put yourself out to do it - david hockney KissWard MEGAsaKilig

The people who are happy with the U.S Bombing #Syria are Israel,Saudi Arabia and ISIS Terrorists Good job #DonaldTrump ILLEGALLY bombing Syria

Accident, left lane blocked in #I170 on I-170 SB at Brentwood Blvd, stop and go traffic back to Olive Blvd, delay of 8 mins #STLtraffic

Specifically, it is a mood disorder characterized by persistently low mood in which there is a feeling of sadness and #Depression

Idc if I stop fucking with you , everything you ever told me will always stay between us   .

Bangbros Big Tits Round Asses Angela White Whites sexy body -  

#JesusHasCome #Christians  Matthew 24:7 That time famines, earthquakes will be everywhere 

I was saying that to him to GTFO once realized what he meant and what trying to do. Make me feel guilty then he did instead

Self obsessed idiots #selfish #onlythinksofthemself #memyselfandi

Fucking John Wall hitting Rudy in the nuts, muddafucker!!

Oddly the judge also agreed the defendant did not have to say out loud the house number where he lives, "given the media presence"

C-c-c-c-c can i get a amen stupid b-b-b-b-b-b-b bitch 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Sending you love and happy vibes   what is your happy place? #happyplace #vibes 

#girl fucking with a pillow im having sex with my mom 

Well after 2 weeks out the gym due to viral infection.... I'm back at it, first day back in the… 

Canada is the only major whaling nation that left IWC. Canada realized IWC is not about sustainable hunting, but conservation. #Tweet4Taiji

I HATE people who think they can just post endings and shit about shows/movies. You are the worst type of person. 

New! The Ultimate Pizza Stone - 16" Round, 7/8" Thick, Premium Bread and Pizza Cooking Stone for Oven.. 

#pray El Shaddai revoke/cancel/nullify curses on/wished for good children and partners of cruel fathers in/of Red Hills St Andrew #Jamaica IJN

The Getaway. I really wanted to love it but it was tough to play and it wasn't fun 

A sense of panic hangs right at the edge of your awareness. Yo... More for Aries 

tryna look out for a nigga got me fucked over but I promise u this just the beginning

Hoodrich Pablo Juan x Drugrixh Peso and Drugrixh Hect - Money World Ft Jose Guapo 

Plastic Addiction: Games Workshop and Me  #weeklyrecap 

I'm so fucking over this and I can't even leave because I'm MCing  

Wait. Wait, hold up. The new ANE hotel is by the Common. You know, Boston Common? That extremely public space that celebrates ducks?? DUDE

#NamiKim's Team rescues the dogs from the #DogMeatTrade #SouthKorea #HelpNamiKim  

I'm told you can't keep taking people's money if they have no money but hey, it just keeps pouring in. #trump… 

Anal Fucked Latina gets Creamed 

Horny house wife get fucked in the ass 

It was time for another bad ass tiger to get it's feed; do your thing Shiva #TheWalkingDead… 

Join the five day visiblity challenge to connect with your dream clients and become recognizable 

T1: Two ground outs and a liner back to the mound give Ladrech a 1-2-3 inning in the 1st. Bears grab the bats for the first time today.

#PSA SCOTUS has ruled it unconstl for cops to arrest people flipping them the bird and constl to use lethal force to stop an unlawful arrest

Allegra K Women Round Neck Short Sleeve Cat Prints Tunic Top  

The most humble leader in the world #엑소5래도룩 #5YearswithEXO #EXO5thAnniversary 

If you're lucky enough to be different, don't ever change. You're not a mirror of someone else identity.

Fucked up week im so not looking forward for anything ah

Any bitch that would wear a fake ass sterling silver (if that) chain could never call my bitch ugly. My mama don't… 

Here is sketch of a woman wanted for spying on her opponent during an election, murdering her staff, creating a fra… 

I want someone to drop me off in the middle of nowhere with no phone or money and have to find my way home. Takers? #AmazingRace

Botox Replacement Has Skin Docs Furious! Leaked Trick Remove Wrinkles Fast -  

Very strong winds to 60mph in bright green with slight mid level rotation in Oxford. Moving northeast. #OHwx 

Happening today at HAR: Mr. Appolon Gahongayire and Mr. Nepo Ndahimana of Kigali Genocide Memorial Education... 

Canadian Work Permit Requirements: How to Manage Temporary Work Permits, Business Travel, and Relocation 

Having anger issues is the worst fucking thing ever cause I be wanting to fight everyone over everything

Can you please stop shitposting about me or somehow I will lock you up in the tower Sorryyyyyy 

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Clinic Nurse -  #Nursing #Omaha, NE #Hiring 

It has been a fun filled learning 3 years. Great friends, fabulous jewelry, new horizons. Can't… 

Your straightforward communication isn't nearly as clear as yo... More for Capricorn 

Personalized business card holder, note pad holder,mon  #favehandmade #handcrafted… 

 #LoveOrSympathy   [Link In Bio]   "I don't need that shii" #independent #Indie 

If you just call it the Affordable Care Act instead of Obamacare, you'll probably be ok w/ it. Call it Trumpcare and… 

Dates confirmed for 2018 Rugby World Sevens in San Francisco - Virginian-Pilot 

Happy Birthday to my gorgeous little sister Siera Tiffany Beveridge! Have a good day, love you loads babycakes      

The links between #Bluehand and Jezzasexiles are clear. And we all know how that ended. #BluehandFamily 

Happy Birthday to the great Steve Howe and congratulations on the long over due recognition in… 

I hit one month of unemployment gosh I really fucking hate myself  

I was asked"Are you feeling yourself today?". Just wanted to buy a hat at this fine retail establishment but yeah I do tend to do that, why?

Head over to the Academic Building room 207 for information on the Engineering Program here at UConn Avery Point 10:00-10:30

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

I do very bad things, and I do them well.  . Which do you prefer, tits or ass? 

You do know this issue started with a black woman insulting French Montana right 

believe it or not...these FoG trousers are actually pretty comfortable from the essentials collection

Jay Z Applauds New York’s Promise to Close Rikers Island – Rolling Stone  

Population 22,423 "I'm almost like in Cairo," Yeah, it seemed like I'm working in Middle East." 

Morning highlight #geraldine_davys quotes SteveJobs "start with the customer experience and work backwards to the technology #ccomel #ccoforum

but ain't their water still fucked up? that explains the look of this taco 

How to create a new life form: Historian Sophia Roosth on the future of synthetic biology  

just admit that you're mentally retarded and go 

So. I've been trying to explain to Mr. Ada that as weird as my hometown is (Fresno, CA) the outlying area is more unaccountable.

Quote of the Day › The study shows that parents were heavily burdened taking care of children before such incidents… 

Fucking 476/512 Sword elements and no drops since morning yesterday.

It's hard to sit still and do nothing today, making it extreme... More for Gemini 

you know what would be fucked up? if misty and brock came to visit ash in alola but they're like in their 40s and he's still 10

Getting #procurement right is essential when managing a complex software supply chain. How agile is YOUR procuremen… 

Being freelance when you're not part of a cool scene is fucking hard, yo. Hook your gloomy up, yeah? XO

The thought of a dog not knowing why his human didn't come home because they made stupid choices breaks my heart.. :(

Would this brainless retard that claims to be my father just hurry up and die?¿?¿??¿???

Hey! Anthem Sports and Entertainment I want to Bend your mascot owl over and fuck it senseless! #FuckThatOwl like your fucking fans over!

Mikko Hypponen tells us tells the scariest thing about webcam #hacking  #cybersecurity

#Science #Cool Science AMA Series: Hi Reddit, we're the organizers of the March for Science, and…… 

You can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo... More for Virgo 

Fucked in the ass and cum on the tits 

Fucking A Slut From Craigslist 

Unretweeting retweets cos I realised they'd cropped or not included the artists names and I need a nap before I start sherlocking that shit

Everything seems to be falling into place today. However, ther... More for Taurus 

//Ehhhh, fuck I know it it's that person who couldn't take my rifle cause it's Church 

When you decided to live here, you signed up to play: Low Probability, High Impact Severe Weather! In this game, defense wins championships.

I and I still I walk with the Savior, each and everywhere that I go, still not left out the Most High...

#scriptingscripturedaily Day 8- Acts 2:21 #letteringchallenge #moderncalligraphy #lettering… 

Now I understood why ppl be saying "y'all not built like me" cause omg some ppl really not built like me...

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

Property taxpayers will pay about $81 more this year as #hamont approves its 2017 budget. 

On an unpretentious cruise to #Antarctica, penguins and orcas and icebergs fill up the very long days.… 

Rns it ain't feel rite watching the bambaata scenes, the whole time I was looking 4 Poppy and B. Stinger #RealNiggaz

Evidence:1 US is now a family business 2 UN is dead. 3 A bunch of unqualified, illegitimate pals can strike a war. just like that #resist

My neighbors car alarm goes off every morning I fucking swear

Slapstick rules as Arsenal and Manchester City go for all-out attack | Barney Ronay  

"Tenacity. Powerful. Greatness." - #MaloneAward winner Johnathan Motley on Karl Malone 

Travel Registered Nurse - Surgical Intensive Care Unit - 0a3 - Racine, WI, , USA #jobs #Racine pls RT: Job… 

Liar! Five Promises Broken by Donald Trump in 24 Hours ...  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx…

For all you fucktards that are getting all salty at me for not sending the chain message on sc, stfu. I'm lazy.

It's as if the filter between your thoughts and your spoken wo... More for Cancer 

Barcelona 3-0 Sevilla PLAYER RATINGS Lionel Messi puts on a show with a brace and an assist for Luis Suarez… 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

M: what can I get for you? C: coffee! Hahaha M: please tell me more,I've never heard that one   #baristaproblems #serviceindustry #gotjokes

After I'm watching Bangtan gayo my head already cleared from Winner new song Really2 bcs bfre this it's always lingering in my head tho  

Map shows Protestants/Catholics largely live apart in N.Ireland after 20yrs of peace. Will #brexit widen the divide… 

It's the worst when a Couple is before you in d line in a rental car place.... just pick oneeeeeeeeeeeeseeee ughhhhh

Cannot comprehend this gross disgusting idiot is in the Oval office....his presence dishonors the dignity of the of… 

I shall blame my bleary-eyed, coffee clutching self this morning firmly on Jenika Snow's recommendation of 13... 

i know i've said the show isnt a real music show about 240914890 times but if omg win by some miracle we will be celebrating !

This #job might be a great fit for you: Prep Cook -  #Hospitality #Wetumpka, AL #Hiring

Horse 3D Duvet Quilt Doona Cover Set Cotton Bedding Set PillowCase Queen Size  

Be skillful and be the best at what you do. Standout and be the best #BreakFree. 

Listen to my new episode Pele Soccer's Greatest Player at  #BlogTalkRadio

hope everyone enjoyed the stream if you want more follow me on twitch and my youtube if you want me to produce more… 

I will Insha Allah be in Newtown Musjid for Jumma today and speaking on the comprehensiveness of Islam andsocial justice in Islam. Req Duaas

My meeting with my professor just fucked up my day I hate school so much wtf

Of course, you want to be recognized for your contributions on... More for Pisces 

i can't nap when i get home because i have to go to the dentist but my dentist smells like Nasty ass coffee,, y

The Media Is Lying to Everyone About What Obama Has Done in Syria  

Stephen Colbert Mocks Donald Trump Over ‘Bring Your Daughter To Govern Day’ - The Huffington Post 

you hate her, him, and them  why don't y'all just come together like butt cheeks and be the shit!!  ‍

College beach volleyball: Belton, Trojans set to invade Main Beach - Santa Cruz Sentinel  #sandvolleyball

IndoChina: #Malaysia Airlines plane skids in Sibu, no one hurt - Malay Mail Online 

You want the ability to be free from other people's demands to... More for Aquarius 

TOWIE’s Gemma Collins told she’ll have kids in next two years – after vowing she’ll lose weight to conceive baby 

By the sound of things, Lehasa went all the way and ate Sonti's grocery. If that's the case then he deserves the shares shame #SkeemSaam

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

NWSSanAntonio: Hariskh25430085 The best chances of severe weather will occur with any cells that develop ahead of the line and with the lin…

Follower -1, Unfollowers - 0. I didn't know I was this awesome. Get your daily stats via 

THIS IS A BIG DEAL - saying yes to Jesus and being filled with his NEW LIFE! Is baptism your next step? Easter... 

Only a 4-year old can eat like this. Unless you have so many siblings that you dont want to share 

College couple fucking in bathroom 

I was wondering why I was getting new followers and that tweet was blowing up again. The Friend Zone impact.

"#Science News: Why you should worry that your browsing history is now for sale" #News: 

Flight BAW27 is <20'000ft above me going from London to Hong Kong track:  

I can't fucking breath           

Can Nig Ministers recite National Anthem, are they not representing this country Nig again. we know all these things, just Vote#BBNaija

Two great deals spotted : Deus Ex Mankind Divided: £8.45 from Base. Yakuza 0 -£27.99 Argos! 

I was watching the TV and I said "ooh this boy is really cute" after it her mom called him "LUCAS WHERE ARE YOU GOI… 

Isaiah Hicks fym my nigga, don't quote me cause u mad                        

Now we'll see if this dude is everything that he's cracked up to be. Time to get ready to bring the Travel Ban up to the Supreme Court.

Alexis to Chelsea fucking hell. They are gonna be a force . 

I just finished the #BigLittleLiesFinale all I have to say is wow.. just wow.. I really love how all of the women came together in the end

#MillionaireMichelle 29yo Female with Curvaceous body, 38C tits, Green eyes and Brown hair.  

I swear watching a movie the second time around really help you see so much stuff you didn't see the first time you watched it.

So basically, NV can be defined as the type of ventilation that covers both the uncontrolled inward and outward air-leakage through cracks..

I can't wait til i get cleared that my cut is healed that way i can start working on losing this ugly ass stomach Javien gave me  

Participating in a group, whether with friends or family, is a... More for Pisces 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Spring means green, and green means emeralds. One of Ricco's, original design in14k. More on the website.… 

When DT plays yhatzee no matter how the dice land he always gets a yhatzee........ALWAYS #sadtrump #tremendoustrump? #smellytrump

Like riding a bike via Seth Godin's Blog on marketing, tribes and respect - People talk about bike ... 

[+97,-1] "They said they're colleagues, only shippers believe they're a couple. Kim Jong Kook Song Ji Hyo shippers… 

 FULL AUTOMATIC Blog for BLOGGER  #domain #DigitalMarketing | How To Use A Free SSL…

Somehow Im now in charge of finding a movie for after prom, I know y'all don't want me to decide that so if you can I need movies up to PG13

Pictures from some work yesterday doing pressure washing at a gas station. New ownership wanted… 

Cant B Fucked About Somebody That Aint Fucked Up About Me

You can't change yesterday and tomorrow hasn't happened. So don't let worry ruin today TUNE IN #GospelRuka #SaturdayJamShow

Y'all be illegally drinking in the club with some fake id shit but tell me "weed isn't legal" NIGGA YOU ARE ALSO COMMITTING A CRIME

What is your eLearning Philosophy ? #eLearning #LandD #TandD  

Jen Selter Burns Down The Beach With Tiny Bikini While On Vacation  

In 1996 I had five burgers (one of which came out of a vending machine) in three days. That was fun for my body...

Like i'm shitting myself and this is just dragging it out and fucking fuck i hate this.

Why did I agree to go out and make errands with my annoying ass mom

Lord forgive me I'm a lost soul.    . . . . . . . #friday #picoftheday #portrait #photography… 

Lupita, sweetie. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry that a ugly ass bitch like this would even say that, oh my god. 

Nothing's impossible and all you lame niggas showed me what not to do

Here are a few photos from Empty Bowl benefit last night. The photos are of Chief McGee, Mayor Smith, Judge Wood,… 

Bitches that do anything for niggas they just met make me sick  

milf nude picture #lebanese girls fucking pictures 

OK -- I promise to learn to play nicely again. I actual am a nice person trying to get back into balance.

I'm playing the gorgeous card battle and mini-garden game "Valkyrie  #Valkyrie Crusade

Dogs eliminated and vaccinated in Bangli, Bali after local residents…  #bangli #balitoday

FYI: Oxford Centre for Hindu Studies is looking for an Academic Director and Dean of Studies... 

Looks like Archie left his wardrobe for Anthony Grant...imagine it got re-sized though. Blue suit, red tie 

My fitbit #Fitstats_en_US for 4/07/2017: 16,981 steps and 7.2 miles traveled. 

Really touched my heart with this film, thank you to everyone for taking part #autism 

Wish it was sunny to go pier jumping and then go to a wee bar afterwards and drink pints but you don't always get what you want

Raptor protected with Suntek PPF. wrapbullys_george #cars #carporn #cargram #amazingcars… 

I thought time dilation had to do with speed of an object relative to center of gravity- Why photons (speed of ligh… 

Zlatan Ibrahimovic may have rescued a point with a last-gasp penalty but Manchester United's poor finishing once… 

Find sexy local girls looking to get fucked tonight. Check This Out:  

'Avatar 2': Release Date, Casting and Plot Details - NME  

A FAITH so small as #mustard seed.An iota of #patience And a step of #commitment,and your life already rocking in miracles#JesusIsTheAnswer

a needy friend that needs to save up for her own good, and not to always make her way to canteen and koop. thanks.

The big man up there has put on a sparkling day for the Bhoys ....let's wrap this up and party, 6 in a row here we go Hail Hail

Call me a fucking deadbeat dad when I'm in Florida making my sons future better! Meanwhile you fucking that nigga in front of my son.    

THE ALLSILENCED RANT - ALLSILENCED GIVEAWAYS EXPOSED! If I ever do giveaways it will be better than allspunky! 

I find it weird I've never watched an episode of the 700 club but I will always remember the fucking feels.

[  ] Philippines to occupy and fortify Spratly…  | 

literally those lyrics are the worst to associate with someone super creepy uughhhh i love all men are pigs tho

If you can't reach a consensus to approve a nomination, that person shouldn't get the fucking job. This goes for De… 

It Looks Like A Floating House, Then A Closer Look Reveals Its An Amazing Photograph 

WHOA HOHO WHY IS THIS VERSION OF SPOTIFY DESKTOP SO FUCKING UNSTABLE

PrisonPlanet: Man tries to strangle elderly woman because she refuses to convert to Islam, yells "Allahu Akbar," attacks police. …

(Wave) SWELL: 3.6 ft at 14.8 s N / WIND WAVE: 4.6 ft at 6.7 s E / WVHT: 5.9 ft / APD: 5.8 s / MWD: 6° / 4:40p WGST

1126:94 Have you the lion's part written? pray you, if it be, give it me, for I am slow of study. #AMNDBots

If shawty gotta put on makeup to FT me I don't want her. Get yo vain ass on somewhere and throw that bonnet on ma.

TWO YEARS after #Watergate broke, #Nixon was actually RE-ELECTED. investigations of #DJT MUST NOT drag on for YEARS. Time is of the essence!

Found a Transponder Snail! A behind-the-scenes look at Galley-La Shipyard!  #TreCru 

My next door neighbors decided that adults yelling at screaming kids all day just wasn't noisy enough. Welcome, barking dog! #humans #baffle

Finally!Yes! He got what he deserved!  Such a f-n great show-when women stand together   Gonna miss… 

It's going to be one of those days again. The opposing keeper making tremendous saves to shut us out. Come on United! #MUNEVE #BPL #MUFC

 Learn how to turn visual social content into measurable ROI at today's #CCSeries webinar beginning at 2 p.m. Eastern

It's not about having the perfect relationship. It's about finding someone who matches you and will go through everything without giving up.

this one cute bitch who works for the company got her 3rd DUI so she's not allowed to come work down here anymore :-( smh lol

 <-download #bokep Cashier and Customer Fucked in Store #ngentot

Travis Scott and Quavo’s Collaborative Hot Streak Is Undeniable  #TravisScott #Quavo 

The most magical moments are those when you forget yourself in the joy of someone’s presence....    

Where did I go wrong I lost a friend/Somewhere along in the bitterness/And I would have stayed up with you all night（how to save a life）

You might be puzzled today when you realize that your plans ar... More for Aries 

If you're looking for work in #LasVegas, NV, check out this #job:  #Nursing #Hiring 

and not bc it would've been funny but it would've been really good if the two could've repaired their relationship and strain they had

 These guys make billions selling sugar water to idiots and I assume they sell diabetes drugs for the sick ones who… 

Day 5 The Power of a Walk ~ LIGHT ~ noticing light shining all around #powerofawalk #blossomingpresence 

She said looking at her with a cold arrogance,#YA #Scifi #fantasy #RRBC  

May the evil witch Thatcher rot in hell now and forever #trampthedirtdown

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

i usually dont let shit like that get to me ....but i guess ive never been in the situation where, physically im not who they want   

Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey indicates controversial character limit change may be reversed  

Omg today everyone attacked me verbally because i did nothing at all. Feel sorry as fuck for me. Bag on those people so my ego can b ok

#Chilifest2017 was fucking lit 

A Polish bootleg of the queen is dead, the tracks aren't in order and it's super thick but it's got charm 

wh444t, com3 on. 1 thought you of 4ll p3opl3 would b3 psych3d to g3t 4 l1l mor3 r3pr3z3nt4t1on from th3 l4d13s UP 1NZ.

when we think we are always right, don't forget there is a "left".. to straighten our path in life..

WATCH: 'GMA' Hot List: Prince's ex-wife reflects on the late singer's legacy  

i was on my high school's student government AND conduct review board, in case you were wondering just how uncool a person can be

Featured Game Modes on League are the fucking worst. Every cunt I get just ints his face off all game.

"You know, I may be the one walking away, but you're the one that's leaving...again." -Daryl to Merle Episode: Home

HTC One M8 - 32GB - Glacial Silver (Verizon) Smartphone  

i'm also laughing so much because one of the Persona's Morgana uses is called Zorro. Almost like One Piece reference to me.

Boo boo kitty   is one bad mofo! Bad move trying to take lucifer out u know his ass don't die #Empire 

Win 6 games 16-0, "ESEA is balanced". Lose 6 games 14-16, "ESEA balancing sucks never have good games." ?????? Some mindsets....

Damn too bad for syrian people 

Obama Officers Made Listing of Russia Paperwork to Preserve Them Protected  

As big a scumbag as Putin is, he never said such a stupid thing. but this is why Trumpists love him they imagine hi… 

Inbound marketing with SEO and social media marketing  #inboundmarketing #marketing

Carbon Footprint of Canada's Oil Sands Is Larger Than Thought | InsideClimate News  #cdnpoli

Join us tonight between 8-10pm using #nevergiveup on all your tweets please. Lets be seen tonight and we thank you for helping. Corrie   

For every political subreddit I block another 3 pop up. JUST USE ONE REDDIT. YOU DONT NEED 5 OF THEM TELLING ME THE SAME THING

Coach kat really fucked me over this season and I will never evelove forgive her for that.

I've been trying to ignore all of America for my sanity but oh god we're going to fucking go to war again aren't we?

Nasty raven haired girl plays with piss and boobs 

SHANIAH SLAYS EVERY FUCKING MUA ON TWITTER PLS SUPPORT HER PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE 

Well with one character sketch done, it's time for the next one to be worked on #newartist… 

200pcs Opaque Yellow Faceted Crystal Glass Loose 5301# Bicone Spacer Beads 4mm  

At Rocky for Rock Island (4-4) and Geneseo (7-0) baseball. Game will start in about 20 minutes. #HungryHobo11

Pay that man, so if it's one thing he know is that your not afraid to compensate for a job well done.

juliet delrosario filipina after fucking comments 

This is #Obama's fault 2, he was born in Hawaii, LOL '<EMOJI>️ “Judge extends order blocking Trump's revised travel ban” 

JSS TWO LITTLE BOY TRIED TO GRAB A MANGO AFTER CLIMBING IT WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM NEXT IS VERY SAD **** PHOTO****… 

Is it good that this was planned and executed in 48 hours? Why now? What changed? 

XaD1CbTMKX/t.coBill and Melinda Gates were the largest shareholders in ExxonMobil until they sold their holdings in 2015. 

The ambassador must stop spreading fake news. Kenyans don't support Nkurunziza. Period 

We're gonna get "Sample clearance issues" as an excuse. Maybe the album should be finished before someone drops a date in a song...

Fucking around with a #warframe concept 

These things are always so damn stupid     

The best album to be released this summer is "Catalogue 1987-2016" and we're taking fan requests starting May 1 at… 

Also the fact you hate on someone's video for a topic that wasn't even mentioned is fucking stupid and childish. Th… 

there are some wonderful people in this world and it makes me so happy knowing that I have the honour of having a handful of them in my life 

THANKS FOR 270 FOLLOWERS! MAKE SURE TO FOLLOW IF YOU WANNA ENTER MY GIVEAWAY!! SORRY IF YOUR NOT CANADIAN I CAN ONLY MAKE IT IN THIS COUNTRY

Transvestite meaning chakka iulia Vantur seen very happy she is getting clicked by media. Shark is back in the bay 

Hey guys... my eyes are rolling... I'm beginning to fall asleep... I'm starting to snore.. give me a break ....what else is new?

Closed Sell #EURUSD 1.0666 for -1.1 pips, total for today -0.3 pips  

 < #adult and dating direct savings account #LimpanguiPhotography #Audit… 

Kindergarten art students hard at work painting 3-D the fish they made out of cardboard and drywall paste. 

CitizenEvent: RT lucy_splento: CitizenEvent splento SilverstoneUK UnicornEventLtd Business cards poised and at the ready! See you there  

Pero peyborit subject ko ang Law eh... So it's my AdvAcc grade that'll make or break my scholarship haha the agony while waiting is real.   

“despite criticisms of corporatization on the sponsorship side, festival monopolization from a musical…” — Cherie Hu 

Our dude bradytweedy getting that overcrank on the dish!   #beringersyard #bmx #party #friends… 

I am still not over the cherry blossoms we saw yesterday at UW! They were   #uw #seattle… 

The Many Pernicious Myths About Native Americans That Need to Be Uprooted Now  

So there is a really attractive girl on my bus and she has piercings and she has purple hair like im

|| People were saying I was forcing kpop down people's throats in occ and shit like that . 

I feel like befriend with the one who make the exam questions just now.. u and i,sir(or mam) can sit down and quote harry potter all day  

You didn't get the Russian Syrian intel yet? 'Syrians bombed a rebel gas lab.' 

What educational subject do you enjoy during your high schoo… — filipino, araling panlipunan, math, accounting, P.E 

Forget about #Trump and let's watch this new #horror #thriller movie:  

EconomicTimes: #Cows on road? Indian engineers develop alert system for #drivers  

won't y'all just die if 13RW wins an emmy and stan twitter says "it's not the producers, it's the actors" bc same

yesterday it was fucking snowing but on monday its supposed to be 75 degrees out

STOCKHOLM ATTACK eyewitness: "drove back and forth" - "plowed down all people"  by… 

We live in a lawless country, I wish I could walk to the Flagstaff House and slap somebody this morning. #LawlessHornSociety.

The word massive has been thrown about a lot this season, make no mistake though every single game remaining genuinely is a cup final #bhafc

Explore London City Historical Places  #london #vacation #chauffeur… 

#girls with fat asses getting fucked women bikini porn 

=The Cheater's saga: My Girlfriends Sister - She then inserted my entire dick in her mouth 

[Eugene Volokh] Indiana: Ban on broadcasting trials doesn’t bar live-tweeting  

I hate people who are passive aggressive because I am aggressive and I will aggressively tell you how and why and the ways you piss me off  

Coastal road's first phase gets green panel nod, work likely to begin in October 

Bill Rafftery is so much better than Billy Packer on Final Four broadcasts. Grant Hill is OK. #FinalFour

My little lady ain't so little anymore   Just a few more days and I'll be home #princess… 

11 Reasons Why Twitter Is a Great Starting Point to Grow a Social Audience  

Hector bitches about how much we go out to eat. Me I'll cook something? Him: nah I wanna go out to something  

Knee hurting so bad but my fat ass still went and got Popeyes

SWEDEN YOU FUCKING CUCKS #8chan #pol 

I'm still pissed my manager called me a burden bc I was sick and in the hospital.  

A Nasty Milf Sucking Cock Eagerly 

Ah, shit. One of the few retailers whose clothes I don't have to alter after purchase .... 

Thanks Obama for saving US auto industry! Psst, Donnie, can't take credit for others' work #SpecialProsecutor… 

Mid-Childhood Outcomes of Repeat Antenatal #Corticosteroids: A Randomized Controlled #clinicaltrial - 

Who needs March Madness...when you have the first annual family foosball tournament #whoneedsscreens 

This is y we need to get rid of Zuma the rand has our ladies willin to settle jus to secure a spot on the beneficia… 

Can I just say I'm tired. It's been since Nov. that we've had a nonstop parade of "holy shit these guys are evil and greedy" ... it's draining

Happy #fashionfriday :D I'm excited to share the #hgcgivesback Digital Pop-up -LIVE! Today is… 

I'm Sick Of Seeing Racist Issues On TV Like We Still Not Over The Fact That You Are White and We Are Black .#Petty .

No one believed I could grow broccoli 6 times higher than an expensive family car. 

From Colombia to Sweden she had to learn the language and it was a culture shock for her but she kept reaching for her dreams

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

yesterday i was working woth this fucking rot of a woman who said girls shouldn't wear make up cause it makes them "ugly with spots"

here's my set up for changing clothes in the library bc theres no way in hell im changing in the piss floor nasty ass BATHROOM

Harry Styles discusses Ed Sheeran, Paul McCartney and Ronnie Wood in new radio interview 

Need to get started on your personal statement for med school? Great pointers here:  

MODERN ART IS A WAY FOR RICH PEOPLE TO HELP DEGENERATES ITS NOT ART ITS A SCAM TO HIDE FINANCES 

Yesterday chris brought these along with strawberries and chocolate to my house while I was writing a paper      

Take the shackles off my feet so I can dance, I just wanna praise you! I just wanna praise you!… 

regrann from  - What is real? How do you define 'real'? If you're talking about… 

  don't get fucked up colby 

This subject came up at our Forum today we are leaving a lot of real Iowans behind because we're not regulating... 

And he won’t eat lunch with you if you are a woman and not his wife or his mamma, unless you are Ivanka. 

Harry Reid, kill yourself, you have done irreparable damage to our country. #GoatmanGorsuch 

Lindsay Lohan Is Desperate To Play Ariel In Disney's Remake Of 'The Little Mermaid' 

at this point i feel like i might die fighting for This Country over People Just Do Nothing, i've had the argument SO MANY TIMES omg

I hate getting in trouvle at work for "not working" like Bitch you sae me take a 5 min break after I peed calm your ass down

see if I had the chance to be a virgin again I'd be fucking by the time I'm 10

My eyes are gonna hurt so fucking bad Tmr morning :')

Gangbang archive chubby MILF fucked by team of BBC bulls 

“I just feel so fucking empty right now and it’s making me sick to my stomach” (via self-hatred-purebred)

Report: Russian Warship Heading for U.S. Navy Destroyers that Launched Syria Attack 

the counterpoint to this, of course, is to demsocs: engage with those to your left better than the democratic party engages with the left.

Got off work starving went to the grocery store came home and cooked to not even be hungry now it's done    ‍

She likes being recorded and fucked in the ass  

All packed up for the day! Come out next week:  #choice #prochoice #abortion… 

Trump promised to crush ISIS but has been failing so badly he needed an easy "victory" handed to him. This is it.

Terrell Davis 2015 Crown Royale Jersey 19/50 SSP #DenverBroncos  

The #Jihadist Next Door could be quiet in the day and deadly at night - Brutal punishment is needed 

NETBET-Chelsea v Manhester City Bet £10 and Get £40 in FREE bets,new customers,TandC's apply use code GET40 JOIN HERE… 

I feel compelled to say this as so much hate and negativity has been directed toward it. Mass Effect: Andromeda is NOT a bad game.

(2)...a religion. Not a company, not a legal entity, not an organization—a whole confession, a whole faith. By the… 

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

Seriously, doodles will probably bring about the end of mankind. Planet of the Doodles. 

When you're striving to be consistently positive but people and life always trying u by #asvpdanish 

Found a Transponder Snail! For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!  #TreCru 

'Blowhard' Drexel professor angry over kindness to military 'lives in a bubble,' Bin Laden's killer says 

> sees that Hanahojin's team won depiste have been in third place this whole time and then ya'll ask me how scramble battles are rigged

#dangerous fever temperature for adults sexiest latin women 

LOOK AT THIS DOG'S FUCKING HEAD 

Worth noting Wanderers haven't won on their last 3 visits to Glanford Park. Last time they did, Sir Nat Lofthouse s… 

Listening to tomorrow's set list. Hopefully I'll make it to church in time for the sound check at 10. Big truck,small crew.

The West is becoming irrelevant, the world is laughing  

.1) A little disappointed I may not find a team I feel I can do my best with to try hardest to win the U.S. e3 tourney.

#rio2016 #Olympic  Born today : April 7th - Everard Endt, Sailor, Olympic Gold Medalist vi…… 

Things start to make more sense and it seems like the answer t... More for Aries 

Like boiiii I'm tryna make mature choices here because i fucking care abt you and our gayness in my life and you be blowing you off SMH BOI

#daggaAnd it won't be long till we hear a commercial saying Please keep it private Not for sale to persons who don't have a home

The ending of 13 reasons why had me 50 shades of fucked up I need answers 

Ya know. I know he's busy being on 24, but where the hell is Heath and why is no one looking for him? #TheWalkingDead #TheWalkingDeadfinale

Komsel today With the akka gengs #ymc #salambaper We are never stop to learn until the ends of… 

First car I saw this morning in the Chinese paddock was not the Williams FW40 but this Good luck for qualifying Lan… 

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Ernie Els: Time to say goodbye to The Masters?  C'mon #ErnieEls you are a champion in our hearts, there still 1 more!

You aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your... More for Virgo 

1884 CC $1 Morgan Silver Dollar GSA Uncirculated Issue  

Costs to attend Arizona's state universities to increase  

Nik here! Today I have the honor of representing the WLS patient community at The National Academies of Science,... 

Old Tibet Ox Horn Carved Foo Dog Pixiu Beast DDynasty imperial Seal Stamp Signet  

Politicians love to finds ways to tax. T.O. eyes vacant home tax | Toronto and GTA | News | Toronto Sun 

First father and daughter travel. It was fun and hard at the same time travelling with a baby. I… 

[OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDER] Final: Thunder 110 Bucks 79. MIL: M Beasley 14pts, 1reb, 1ast OKC: E Kanter 17pts, 5reb, 0… 

If you gotta hold yourself back in order for your niggas to catch up you may as well leave them boys alone 

San Diego public schools will create ‘safe spaces’ for Muslims while forcing non-Muslim students learn about Islam 

so I'm at work and this girl wrote OTF on her paperwork but I'm not really sure what that stands for other than only the fam  

IM PUMPIN STRAIGHT COFFEE INTO MY VEINS AND GETTING EXCITED TO DRAW WHEN WILL THE CAFFEINE HIT ME SO ILL FINALLY BE AWAKW

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

i guess i need to look in too buy a laptop so i don't fall behind when i am away.. 

2 Hand Made Wood Salt and Pepper Shakers - Sleek Design 3.5" ID:17653  

The reason they don't is because they know that no one wants troops on the ground, so they say meaningless things like "no-fly zone."

If you ever wanted a boat that you KNOW has been babied, I can personally tell you that this guy is unmatched in... 

The job of a worship leader is to call people to worship, then guide them in declaring the news that He is King.

Around the corner or the town next door, when you’re in the Trax there’s always discoveries in store. Where has... 

Get real. Great Britain had a global empire 100 years ago. Exiting EU may not happen without a few bumps, but histo… 

Stressed out all over again .. I can't fucked believe this man!!!

To anyone in the world who’s in need of inspiration, optimism, love, and/or misses someone. You’re not alone and you have love here. 

FT: Chelsea 2-1 City. A much needed win for the Blues to maintain the 7 points gaps over London rivals Spurs.

Congratulations to our March online review drawing winner, Carol Garrick! She will receive a 30 minute service of... 

  convert short rss to FULL CONTENT #RSS! #LinkBuilding #HomeBasedBusiness | Tony Lu – How…

fucking bostonloadtaker bareback 

Custom steel-framed Hope’s windows and doors alongside a barrel-vaulted ceiling, 10-foot-high… 

Dude need a black mama to ask him "Do you have trip money?" This ridiculous!!!! 

18 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Proud 2 b part of the National Recognition Program that created the tool that makes it easy 4 employees 2 thank eac… 

Former England manager Taylor dead at 72 LONDON: Former England manager Graham Taylor has died of a suspected h 

These fucken kikes be suckin on dat babydick yo muhfuckas is nasty

hardcore outdoor germanian fucking 

Anthony Taylor admits Swansea penalty incident was "indefensible" - but refuses to blame Marbella stag do… 

'Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier. ' #ALDUB90thWeeksary

Reading about the Prussian bureaucracies role in industrialisation in order to better understand the critique of AJR's French invasion work

Bitch please! You are so fake, even China denied they made you!

CAN YOU BELIEVE ITS BEEN A YEAR SINCE BRENDON FUCKING URIE COMMENTED ON MY PHOTOSHOP OMFG 

my psych textbook is ripping into astrology and psychics fucking fight me

Spying On People Fucking At Night 

He Didn�t Have The Nerve To Open The Trap Door In His Cabin So He Hired A Handyman To Do It For Him 

Russia has 'egg on their face' after Trump airstrike, says former US ambassador to Syria  

Found a Transponder Snail! For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!  #TreCru 

#funny Got this today, possibly the funniest card I've ever seen.  

Reliance Jio Prime Plan Last Date Extended to April 15, Jio Summer Surprise Announced 

I honestly fucking hate seeing the pictures of people out on the sea ice here is Newfoundland.

HE SHOWED MY COMPUTER ON HETE WATCHING THE FUCKING HATE

thinking of going on a "baecation"? Not sure where to go?? watch me and my boyfriend celebrate our 21st birthdays in PUNTA CANA for ideas!

and DON'T FUCKING MIX EXOL AND ARMY BCS EXO AIN'T MAKING EXOL FANDOM TO MIX WITH A SHITTY FANDOM NAME

I'm at that point where I can have the exact woman I want so I ain't losing no sleep over a chick who can't get over her dealings wit niggas

yeah this echo chamber is FUCKED 

hey courtreid_ox, you may want to check  for latest updates on #ParklifeFest   

The main reason I'm so pro open relationships might just be that I'm clinically incapable of talking to attractive single people.

Masters 2017: Danny Willett - inside the ropes with a Masters winner - BBC Sport 

Who the fuck was it? I would like to know! Fucking assholes you don't know what it's like to be ignored by me   I'll find out

Arab MILF sucking and fucking in a car 

India Cenbank: weighted Average Rate at 6.24 Pct at 28-Day Variable Rate Reverse Repo Auction 

Maggie didn’t even know Ellis, she was a horrible fucking mother. MIND YO DAMN BUSINESS #GreysAnatomy

If you're looking for work in #Houston, Texas, check out this #job:  #SocialWorker #Hiring 

I love how hard our instructional specialists work on our campus to ensure student success! 

what's the first thing you notice when you like a guy — Smile and teeth lmao then his human     idk maybe I... 

Jeezus, Hillbots are fucking stupid. 

Another 7-Eleven has been robbed. The most recent one was in Newington this morning, police say: 

"There’s a difference between somebody who wants you and somebody who would do anything to keep you. Remember that."

1 day out of the week at my house is too much to ask i give this dude all the time in the world to work on himself and i can't even get 1 day

Your daily conversation report is ready for #pugchat for Apr 7th  

Yao Ming's ambitious quest to bring China an elite basketball league - ESPN  

Number crunching for the past day - 2 new followers and NO unfollowers. Stats via 

The stupid fucking hoops we are all jumping through. We deserve to die, as a species.

Always the limber conversationalist, your mind stretches into ... More for Libra 

Or maybe it's because Gorsuch is a fucking monster who told a truck driver to freeze to death, and also stole a sea… 

Men have ruined hugging for fucking everybody. #Hugs #men #awkwardmoment

System Time:2017-04-04 - 20:45:03 JST Hostname:raspi Uptime:2 days 13:1 CPU Load:0.37,0.12,0.03 CPU Temp:50.46 MFree:140032 SFree:1914852

All u need is urself and God. That's all u was born with. Things may slow u down but Nothing can really hold u back from what u want in life.

Need For Speed Shift Game PSP Sony Racing Car Race Multi Player  

Husband catches his wife fucking another man 

Eruditus Executive Education raises $8 million from Bertelsmann India Investments - Financial Express  #education #…

Fug it tho money talks, an i got a bad ass mattress  

LIVE VIDEO: Pretoria march kicks off at the #UnionBuildings #MarchforChange  

Marketing needs to be altruistic. Not just the product,marketing also needs to be value-driven.Customers will reciprocate #marketing #brand

This Jays-O's game has done nothing for me tbqh. Resisting the urge to flip to another game only because it's the 9th.

you don tplay with love... you dont go around saying it to someone and have it mean nothing. you say it because you see a future with them.

Did Cheryl really just call Fred Andrews a dilf? Thats my only real issue about the latest episode of #Riverdale

[  ] British Man Builds CBR-Powered Bumper Car…  | 

One of the hardest decisions you'll ever have to face in life is choosing whether to walk away or try harder.

Had so many endless nights of doing homework and studying this year and I still might lose my scholarship  

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

North Carolina legislature replaces transgender bathroom law  

feel sorry for people that feel need to chat shit cause their lives are that boring  

Rose Quartz Tree 925 Sterling Silver Pendant 2" Ana Co Jewelry P572918F  

The Invasion of The Tearling by Erika Johansen "How do I make my novel and my heroine stand out?" must have been... 

Latest Update: Nigerian Air Force 2017 Recruitment Exercise List Out [Batch 1, 2]: The… 

 This controversy over the youth camps is a definite illustration why naturists and naturists need strong represen

I'm still pissed LSU didn't get no Vandross in 06 bc we drew UCLA in the semis and Florida got fucking George Mason.

I'm Alive - The Hollies Their song made it to number one in the UK and Ireland in 1965. This song charted to numbe…… 

Tuesday Night Clear, with a low around 63. Southwest wind 6 to 11 mph, with gusts as high as 16 mph.

How to Copy Your Favorite Instagram Filters in Photoshop  #photoshop #instagram

Glasgow failed to meet its own pollution targets  #Scotland 

USED (GD) Human Rights in an Information Age: A Philosophical Analysis  

21 #SocialMedia #Marketing Strategies to Grow Your Business Faster  

You know why she takes you like a joke bc you are a fucking joke. Don't ever try and call yourself a man bc you not.

Idiot banker does himself in. 

Social Media Round-Up: 27 March - 02 April - British Judo  

I just wanna hug Jack Gilinsky and have him squeeze me tight and rest his chin on the top of my head bc it will make me the happiest girl

You could work with such a passionate intent today that you in... More for Pisces 

Zarina #Diyas will play 25K ITF event in #Nanning, China. Should be 6th seeded according to the entry list.

it's the same for me, i wouldn't ever hold anyone back from receiving the best love they deserve and desire 

Yang susah itu yang disini (dada;hati), that ugly feeling can stay for who knows how damn long.-Melbourne

I dont think people understand how much it hurts to really try your hardest with someone n they just throw it away like its nothing ...

I will soon no longer own an investment property so sign me up to all of your theories the market is within days of falling apart.

Come hangout with me > good morning friends # on #BIGOLIVE  

If God rushed and gave you every Blessing all at once, it wouldn't be perfect. Good things take time. Be patient, keep your Faith.

There are very few people I can rely on. Every time something random happens in Mpls I am reminded of this.

This that shot that make a nigga mad   

<EMOJI>️ #Style • Kim Kardashian Officially Debuts Shoulder-Length Bob: See It Here!: You May Also Like This article…… 

15g of Protein, 20 Vitamins and Minerals - Grab. Go.  #health #wellness #energy #loseweight 

#FilmFare: Flower power! taapsee looks cute as a button in this floral crop top. 

Pentagon’s mission is “full-spectrum dominance” in every domain (land, sea, air, space, and information) #AntiWar… 

[Buzz60] You Won't Believe What Google Home 2.0 Will be Able to Do: Whispers about Google Home 2.0 are already… 

WTF?! Planned Parenthood officials stalk reporter at rally, prevent her from interviewing ANYONE 

Can dispatch release gong yoo and go eun dating photos already? Who cares about knetz let them die bcs of jealousy

#three guys fucking a girl anna nicole smith nude 

When caterpillars become butterflies, they must wake up, look in the mirror and think "Jesus, how much did I drink last night?!"

Girlfriend is hard pressed for shit to do now that her wrists are busted. Anyone got any suggestions?

Please RT if you like!! #architecture #design #architects #interiordesign One Room Challenge No. 4 // Fall..… 

Everywhere i go once i get any chance its terry apala i am listening to, such delivery of fuji music  

#funny We dare you not to laugh when watching this video  

#HappyBirthdayDrAQKhan This was the image of world history when Pakistan showed the world that we can do anything 

I went back in time to see the first person to stick something up their butt. You guys. I tried SO HARD to make sure it wasn't me...I tried

The Hardys return oh my fucking god im buzzing #Wrestlemania

Tear gas back in #Venezuela as people protest in defense of democ. Elected assembly. 

stance you on darknet, Science 1,261,440,000,000 fucking his Even

Telemarketing - Roseland - Elizabeth, NJ, 07201, USA #jobs #Elizabeth pls RT: Hiring inside sales associates and… 

Closed Buy 1.0 Lots EURUSD 1.06629 for +5.6 pips, total for today +216.0 pips #ベストインジケータ #ボーナス #ファイナンス #成長します

And still not even a living wage. Avg $300 a week, rent alone avg $1500-$2000 monthly. Food? Bills? Not affordable. 

"I live in Warren Grove and just saw a beautiful German Shepard going from House to house here . We are close to... 

Last 3 days of the previous financial year was filled with only making year end review presentations  

Why #archives are so important: "It is sometimes very difficult to trace women, as they appear so seldom in the rec… 

1 Chicago News Search Businesses (Car found in South Side lagoon) 1 Chicago News and Search - 

And how would I empower backbench MPs and Lords? Like freedom of speech for the Royals, they had it before. But whereas the Royals only lost

Global warming could make flying even more awful than it is today  

Admin Bellejinxx's #TBT Pick: One of #Chanyeol's first Instagram posts  

Tomorrow is the big day  ! Sleep well and Eat a great breakfast! You GOT this-ROCK that test! Destroy the SAT!… 

How can the guests of the bridegroom mourn while he is with them? ...To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice.

Bought all the stuff to make eggplant parm besides the fucking eggplant

I really wanted to try #the100dayproject and push myself to try new things. I decided my theme… 

carmella bing gets fucked on pornub 

Cheers for fucking everything up Spurs ya fucking whoppers

You know me, eating an 8count nugget with a cup of water (no sauce) by myself while reporting any Grailed user with a shoe size under 9.5

    Stay strong #saintpetersburg     #StPetersburg #StPeterburgBlast #Russia 

seeing this girl on snap, like damn you can tell you edit tf out of your pics... #yourehuge #dietplan #thighsareasbigasme #srynotsry

Just think we allow these ppl to vote!! It's no wonder we have an Islamic flower child as PM. Ca needs a YUGE enema… 

There's just something about Lauren's voice when she sings that's so seductive and sensual. It's just natural in her voice somehow.

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

#MUFC : ICYMI - Jose Mourinho provided a fitness update on Wayne Rooney after last night's game: … 

#landscape #paisajes - Old Hunstanton beach. Norfolk. by ashleytaylor1987 -  

it sucks when you wanna show off a dude but you don't wanna look stupid bc you know he's talking to other girls

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

fucking girlfriend and her drunk mom 

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

You prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg... More for Libra 

Ok so I wasn't buggin yesterday! I was so confused about why suddenly Brian Williams cut into Rachel Maddow's time! Smh

Nasty orgie cum interracial 

TTV The Back Hands Uitslagen Senioren Back Hands 1-Red Star ´58 2 7-3 #Middelburg 4-Back Hands 2 9-1 #Veldhoven 1-… 

Fingering In The Ass And Used A Toy For Fucking 

When y'all don't like each other. So you can fuck and go about your business but stay friends   

Him: *installing windows* Me: Will I be able to play games on this? Him: Uh, I guess? Me: *puts Monopoly on window* Hey, it worked!

Edward is ALWAYS concern bout MAYMAY even in small details like fixing her hair   MAYWARD… 

Niggas smoke in front of cops, niggas speed in front of cops. Try doin that shit out in SB, niggas would CDC you asap

It took me 10 minutes to decide what to wear this morning meanwhile my friend tells me this... I'm only 20!!! 

 Save the date  for our first group art show of the year: SAT., MAY 6th (6-9pm)   The #MaryBlairTribute Show cur…… 

Ladies, what are some of your favourite/most beautiful watches? I'm looking for something under £500/US$650 and have no clue where to start.

Nigga Andrew and x been telling me since like 11' everything's for sale and legit everything is for sale you tell me a great number lol

HD print painting decoration on the wall. Alex monopoly graffiti art 12x12inch#4  

If you're new and on orientation, don't open up the doors on my truck and start pummeling me with questions. It's too early for that shit.

Remember them #LockheedMartin did the last #UK #Census - so yes, 'they' do know who you are! 

Beautiful handmade crochet throw in exclusive one off design. A truly unique piece  

Suicide blast in Lahore kills six including four Pakistan Army officers on census duty 

U kno what.. I was gonna start on my assignment tonight. But fuck it I need a personal day to just relax and watch a movie and not stress bc

The fam uniting to watch opening day together...wonder how Dexter Fowler feels playing against his WS buds?! 

Well stated. Crimes in International Law mirror local context aka National Law... let's learn from our past omissio… 

The West Indian manatee makes it out of the endangered zone  

No deal for Google tax, French finance minster warns after Paris raids #honda #finance #deals 

therealeatwood 250 s! Your tweet has been liked by 250 people.  

Representing Iowa at State Day at NTI 2017. Super excited about the new ePyramid launched by the Pyramid Model... 

Participating in a group, whether with friends or family, is a... More for Pisces 

Another win in Overwatch Pit, this time 2-1. Small slip up on Hollywood defense in overtime twice  . GGs Dignitas!

Your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push... More for Leo 

Breaking news: IT raids was to frighten Rajinikanth. Delhi was afraid he might also declare support to TTV Dinakaran .: sour cess

I had a friend prank me when I lived in GA. He told me all red bugs in GA were poisonous. I fell for it. For time... 

Stressing about shit you can't change is the worst

cum in eye ball faggot dickhead fucking cunt slut cakes

(hongbin): jaehwan's not answering my calls. (leo): well it sounds like you really fucked up. (hongbin): WHO HOLDS A GRUDGE OVER MEMES

#ooc Danielle Vasquez is bi but she doesnt fucking perform it like a damn stage show either.

What type of #Trader are you? Take our quiz. #Technicalanalysis #Trading #Analysis  

Stop, drop, and roll it I like bad bitches in the club that control it

dozens of people followed me and 20 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

just a dorkasaurus spending all her money on YouTubers' creations #bawsebook 

For some reason when I'm drunk I feel the need to be mad generous and buy everyone shots. Bank account is so pissed rn

Beauty is a depreciation asset. Personality is an appreciation asset. Wrinkles awaits us all - Catoursky

Had the absolute pleasure of doing make up for these beauts today and they look gorgeous  … 

Trump says 'We must fight' hard-line conservative Freedom Caucus in 2018 midterm elections 

I love that Whirlpool is helping kids by having clean clothes for school. #sponsored, #EveryDayCare 

  NEW PROJECT ALERT    You guys check out my dads new documentary! "Redeemed" The Brandi Brassell Story 

Your clear vision of success motivates you to reach higher to ... More for Capricorn 

Corporate officers using share buybacks to reward themselves with Fat checks 

Laura Nyro tonight! Her compositions and voice moved us into a cosmic space pop music had never been before.... 

I open the windows so I can see the worlds. I open the heart so I can see the souls. Credit… 

The really unfortunate part of this whole AFC situation is that the players are suffering lack of support #Arsenal

Watch Rob Gronkowski 'steal' Tom Brady's jersey again at Fenway Park  

This is the song they played a piano version of as background music for Nu'est's sad story. 

The place is Gonzaga situated? And different fast info concerning the NCAA Match college – SB Nation… 

Schoolgirl With Collar Getting Her Mouth Fucked While Hairy Pussy Fucked With Toy Cum To Mouth On The Couch 

Where the history of hypocrisy will change , world will know that Muslims provoke peace and sincerity not betrayal #ہم_کیساپاکستان_بنائینگے

psychological effects of trauma as well as addictions are so interesting to read about. currently my fav subjects

2. Guys who can sing, guys with good personalities, food, baby animals, social media, no self confidence, always hating on self.

If you blow hard enough on an old Nintendo cartridge, Mario will appear and give you three.extrx lives.

U should know u be fucking your step father    

I sent my sister a James Charles meme and now she won't stop sending me this picture. 

'Swimming Lessons' Is A Tribute Book-Lovers, Inspired By The Author's Real-Life Romance 

Cyber-safety or cyber-maturity? Teaching ethics in a virtual world  #edtech #steam 

#Manufacturing Industry’s Health Does NOT Equal Number of Manufacturing #Jobs  #Mfg 

HUGE Giveaway by Munchkin Metropolis with Unique and amazing Prizes! Enter and help me win, or win yourself! 

Quote for Lisa in April collect on 14/04/2017 #Durham #EuroDisney #HoughtonLeSpring #NorthEast Link:… 

MUST-READ on CAPCOs, er, "[State] New Markets Tax Credits" now proposed in 10 states despite long problems #EconDev 

sorry if ur seeing my depressing ass tweets on ur tl

1/2 Exciting breaking news ... shortlist for the #WolfsonHistoryPrize just announced. Six brilliant books: 

GUYS I JUST ASKED A TEACHER WHO RAN THE OSSLT-UNIFORMS ARE CONSIDERED DRESS CODES RT TO SAVE A LIFE #OSSLT #derekwasthebettergrade11

If they faked an attack in 2013 there's no way they would try it again in 2017, ...is there? 

We’ve got thousands of moms just like you chatting in our app right about now. Join us! #momlifeapp 

wash up, sing songs, reenact love and hip hop scenes, wash up again. Masturbate, wash up again. Rinse my vagina tho… 

Ok so Sequester contestants keep mentioning how aggressive someone is playing but yet they don't make a move to get… 

All of them would be fucking hell smfh 

I JUST HAD A FUCKING ORGASMCHSJ 

they fucked this joint up  

I can understanding unmasking identities to establish context. What I can't understand is lying about it. 

#bitcoin Also Hobby For Exchange Workers Along With Business? -   

U.S., Japan in talks to prevent China acquiring Westinghouse ‹ Japan Today: Japan News and Discussion 

My cat won't come home and I have this intense feeling in my stomach the neighbor guy killed him or something  

remember when your world gets lonesome I'll still be waiting for you  

Anyone else fucked at Disneyland before?     lit asffff

"RT ipfconline1: How #MachineLearning Will Unlock #BigData's Full Potential  [via evank… 

03-30 Live: Edmonton Oilers taking on Tampa Bay Lightning #EdmontonOilers  #edmontonoilers

This is so beautiful i ceing here in my coin my heart is omg #BTS #WINGSTOURinANAHEIM #mooninewhaircolor 

I just liked this song "Adieu - Original Mix" by Tchami  

Well I never... just found that Stoke's MP from 1841-62 was Ricardo's nephew... 

At 3pm, a #tstorm passed over Lookout and the NWS ASOS above the pass reported some ever elusive #thundersnow! #mtwx 

was in a 3v3 and this GM guy named tofu kept calling us slurs but we (platinums) won and honestly 

Two derbies in a row Barkley should have walked. Dirty bastard

At least 10 children are being held in Victoria’s Barwon maximum security adult prison. Take action now 

The reserves are at home in the cup semi final against AFC Hurst. 1.30pm. Come along and support the boys!

I can attest that this spot in Pula, Croatia is the best Cliff Jumping beach EVER!! 

the fuck is a round rattan tray boho chic wicker tray woven bamboo bohemian wall hanging rustic decor 

my mom will yell at me for something so stupid and then come in my room 5 minutes later and try to act nice and apo… 

If 3,65 and 5 are all hurt I'd rather just fall to 8th. I'd rather not face Leafs without half our D.

How to Pronounce Fucked Silly ↺RT  #

IS #IRAN EXPANDING ITS SPYING AND LOBBYING EFFORTS?  …

A glorious day to announce £125,000 awarded to the Upper #Afan, #Rhondda, #Neath and #Cynon Valleys from the £1.8m an… 

You want the ability to be free from other people's demands to... More for Aquarius 

This blows I'm not supposed to eat or drink anything till my appointment tomorrow or else I'll turn into a goddamn gremlin

Man sprawled over altar in Blackburn Cathedral said he was Jesus and ordered staff out of his house… 

First Alert Weather Day: Risk of severe weather increased for parts of East Texas Details:  

I crashed my roadie dozens of times in the past decade. It makes me rage. I crashed my mountain bike 3 times today. Couldn't stop giggling.

Mentally I'm probably still standing at the County Fair booth in 1984 trying to decide which mirror I want Van Halen or Motley Crue

i just got fucking called out cuz a gc im in all said rodrick looks like my "type" of guy im so triggered

Blast from past worth a read, esp. 4 Reilly Wood. Stirring Argument: The densification debate in Vancouver heats up 

Van Gogh was actually suicidal and that's why he drank paint can y'all stop trying to be deep 

" did you go to foam wonderland?" How fucking dare you ask me that

The Supreme Court is back to 9 justices. Antonin Scalia has been replace by an eminently qualified judge #gorsuch 

Power rangers was very disappointing. Not an ounce of excitement in the tip of my penis when Jason said "it's morphing time".

Tomorrow is #AprilFoolsDay! Make sure you're well and truly prepared with these easy last minute #Pranks from… 

Missy Monre Show Off Gets Fucked Then Cum In The Mouth 

Carly Rae Jepsen Delivers Powerful Version Of ‘O, Canada’ At NHL All-Star Game 

lrt tho i used to feel like a fake fan cus i got albums but i can only afford either albums or concerts and i choose to save for the shows

ReadersGazette: RT DouglasWickard: ★★★★★ review excerpt "The author knows how to light your fire!" A NOVEL OBSESSION …

For those who missed it, this is the Kumusic Radio Show episode #168 reloaded with SICK INDIVIDUALS Listen loud!... 

how do i tell someone i cant draw what they asked for bc its too hard and i am Overwhelmed but without sounding like a dicc pls help

I kinda don't like them  but it was a great night! Almost there    #gradbash #classof2017 

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

FUCK IN YOUR COUCH Ugly God Sauce Uzi Yatchy Cardi savage soho Sammy Dex Kodak Migos kap g XXXtentacion king by 

We're literally going to die because of this stupid ass president

A wild Flaaffy (53.3% 10/11/3, Tackle / Discharge) has appeared! Available until 12:09:35 (29m 9s). 

- a city. Fortunately no sane person would be out during such a hot day, let alone in a secluded grassy field. Ah, but who really -

John's absolutely right. Anyone who has ANY "rule" for their life based on religious grounds MUST be doing it for… 

Kay Hull sharing stories of her grandmother at Guyra. Celebrating women is so important... silent partner, networke… 

How do I love thee? Let's count the ways ::: Nan does it again with a piece that does it all. 3… 

"20 Are Hacked and Beaten to Death at Pakistan Shrine" by SALMAN MASOOD via NYT The New York Times 

RealEstate:Companies>How to Use Social Media to Find the Per >>  #realestate 

"Love has reasons which reason cannot understand- Blaise Pascal" All Rights Reserved (c) 2017… 

No matter how shitty it seems recently, you have definitely taught me alot in life, to be your future wife. Thank you, love.

The Cannibalzation of University of the Philippines General Education  by Prof. Gerry Lanuza via Manila Today

You prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg... More for Libra 

Our Guilty Gear REV2 stream is NOW LIVE! Tune in here for great justice and greater entertainment!  #GGXrd_REV2

wow twelve am and still trending at number six with twenty seven k tweets. thanks team! YASNER MOST REQUESTED 

T is a sociopathic, narcissistic liar. This strike was just a show. Everyone was forewarned except the US gov't. 

Am I the only one that thinks clowns are funny not scary? This movie seems funny to me because clowns are so cheesy 

So, polling said Trump would lose the election and Hillary would win MI primary by 22. Yet, I'm supposed to believe… 

Experimental theater finds permanent home on Upper West Side:  

Bossy? Feisty? Think about how your gendered workplace language is effecting those around you:… 

This Limitless Pill Changes People's Life! EXTREMELY Powerful Brain Enhancement Is NOW PUBLIC -… 

Link to XCEL JET's latest high speed acquisition; a 2004 Lear40XR.  

[VIDEO] 170406 lgtwinsbaseballclub Instagram update - XIUMIN. Trans: "Today popular idol EXO's Xiumin has come... 

PLEASE HAPPEN!!!!!!! “Mindy Kaling confirms reunion of hit series ‘the Office (U.S.)’” by Daniel Berkley 

*dress shopping w/ eva* me: I would look like a whole snack mawmaw mawmaw: yeah you would look like an old sack

Contraflow There are times when family are like strangers, and strangers are like family. #NOMOR1.net #aldsa4826

Don't you miss being little and eating whatever tf you wanted and it didn't matter bc it's chunky little kids were cute

LIVE: Lisa Bloom on allegations against Bill O'Reilly -  

I mustered up the courage and asked for his autograph. He asked for my name so I told him and also said I'm an American fan  

Man accused of strangling and sexually abusing New York runner charged with first degree murder… 

North Woolwich shooting: Murder probe launched after teenage boy shot dead in east London - Evening Standard 

This will be my face tonight trying to keep up with these bad ass musiCIANs tonight.… 

After Rubbing Her Pussy With Oill This Bitch Gets Fucked 

just so you know, you just fucked uo everything we ever had or will ever have

I don't think he did anything bad intentionally. He's just a shitty counselor. 

What a fucking faggot wassup 

"The ongoing war on light and darkness ultimately results in the final battle that was prophesied before the original curse"~Wikpda     

Fucking minutes swearing and sitting there waiting to get pas then get out and take two seconds out to help like yo… 

Today's Bible study on the Progressive Christian Blog with Author Rev Paul J Bern is part 3 of Luke chapter 11 

He isn't doing a free narrative, he's getting his own rocks off. And if he makes it so that happens again I am leaving his game.

Fake news couldn't stop Trump from winning POTUS. Neither could globalists. Praise from newfound weak allies is not to be celebrated.

Stock Market Forecasting Based on Stock Prediction Algorithm: Returns up to 62.80% in 3 Months… 

I cannot stand my hair touched and I cannot shower unless the shower is completely dry/has been sprayed down with cleaner #ihategerms   ‍

Wells Fargo Executive Fired Whistleblower, Lawsuit Says  

I feel that learned more about early 20th century history from Midnight In Paris than I did in high school. High school needed more movies.

this mini henny housewarming idea really got me geeked my bday gift to myself really might be my own casa man it's beyond time

Yes we are, and I am not surprised...congrats to my friends that work in the NICU. #tchhr 

West Tucson: Blissey  48.9% (9/11/2 - Zen Headbutt/Hyper Beam/normal til 04:09:12(29m 47s). 

Islamic State to USA: Trump an idiot  

because at the end of the day, all we care about is looks! no one falls in love with your personality at first sight

i swear if Trump makes me get off my ass and go be a soldier i want that idiot impeached

#food Eat up!! Remember feed your spirit more than you feed your body! One will decay and return… 

slut granny fucking up as a whore in heat 

Just like your living space needs to be swept and mopped regul... More for Virgo 

SAP Hybris Marketing Cloud: Introduction  #sap #sapnl 

Researchers in the UK have developed a graphene-based sieve that can filter salt out of...  

i hate straights everywhere! ok I fucking said it! i hate straights bc you all keep murdering my people! 

Ivory sales to end in Chinese outlets investigated by EIA – EIA International  

Trump was right - Fmr Obama Official Reveals Pre-Inauguration Effort to Gather Intel on Incoming Trump Adm Breitbart 

Swiss Franc Report: Swiss Legislation Referendum 'Threatens EU Relations' #Poundtoeuro  

ordered a cheeseburger with no pickles and they give me a hamburger with pickles with no fucken cheese . .

deep down, you know it will never be the same again. never...and the allure of staying in the very existence of a mere observer is tempting

I've been told that I should walk to an AandE if I feel Super Bad, but it's hard to do when I'm worried I could lose my job if I do that.

Tell more people that you love them. You never know how much they might need it. - Chris Brogan #quote

chearleaders getting fucked #my nude family 

Camgirl fucked toys webcam show 

My blog is now only vaguely connected to marketing, as this week I write about RuPaul's Drag Race and how amazing... 

Brahmagnan During a personal meeting session with devotees, a devotee said, "Bapa! Bless me so that I may attain... 

Bey is shaking in her fucking boots 

Cybernetics should be given to all those who wish to evolve humanity.My visions for humanity are evolutionary.

one of my old dumb spongebob videos suddenly BLEW UP and now I have 2,000 more subscribers and almost $500 in earnings. huh.

i told myself i could watch it. i told myself that i could take the last episode and the triggering parts but i just. cant.

Hunk is fucking darling vigorously doggy position 

I didn't check out series till the third one and was so interesting that I went back and watched first 2.

If you can't support the team thru bad times don't celebrate during good times! No matter who the manager get behind the team!

QUIZ: Can You Guess Which Tattoo Belongs To Which Celeb?  

When eliminating a negative habit or addiction, it's important to replace it with a positive one. Something needs... 

Aaahhhhhh will probably go through this faily because so mich amazing art!!      

Michael Pineda you fucking bum... it's the 2nd inning and the bullpen is already active #Unbelievable #Yankees

I'm tired of this boy sending me videos of him smoking cigs!! Like stay away from me witcho cancer ass breathe

Unlimited replays might become a problem. Not to mention that in two innings, both replays have already been wrong.

Why am I crying that I wasnt able to watch last night and all of my friends were telling me how good it was?

Happy Birthday Uncle Chuckie I know you're always watching over us   Missing you always. 

we are just worried about the wrong damn things as a society like who fucking cares if a woman wears makeup or weave. read a damn book

I-205, Int w/ Sandy/US30 Bypass, Delay < 20min, Road work has the SB center lanes closed near Sandy for pothole r... 

Fucking her before she goes to school 

#Yemen’s #children are starving- Proof that House of #Saud supports #RadicalIslam 

I can't even bring myself to be annoyed when people underestimate me anymore. Darling just watch me x

Found a Transponder Snail! Scoop! Exclusive photos of the mysterious Mr. 0!!  #TreCru 

tell me why I didn't know this for the longest I was fucking around for like 2 years 

#365 sex postions fucking pussy turbanli 

Out of all the stages of the boys, the infant stage is hands down the easiest ever. Even when I had a 15 mo old and a newborn it was so easy

Where has all the anitmatter gone, Long time passing. Where has all the antimatter gone, Long time ago.

ARE TOU FUCKING KIDDING ME 

You can still enjoy good food while on your weight loss journey. All in moderation. #weightloss #weightlossjourney… 

I learned via text that apparently it's snowing outside. I've been laying in bed in the dark for 3 hours. I should maybe get up.

Dami din but lahat babae,coz of their personality Hahahaha MAYWARD GratefullyBlessed 

10 Scientifically Proven Ways To Find Out If Your Partner Is Cheating On You 

#Photo #City and #Architecture Night with Lights....!!!!! by jvphoto -  

MOEN Glenshire 26 in. x 22 in. Frameless Pivoting Wall Mirror in Spot Resist Brushed Nickel 

Ifeoma White-Thorpe gets accepted to all 8 Ivy League universities. This is Black Academic Excellence   

A quick and easy way to stabilize your mood swings is to relen... More for Cancer 

Struggling to find more time to share content that will connect with your followers? You don't have to! Use 

Lawmaker: extender melodrama snoozes out if deal overnight on raise/age,workers comp and then Legis simply okays state ops bill Monday.

I found getting my first book out there harder than getting my degree. If you are having problems, try this manual 

Chubby MILF fucked in her fat pussy 

Does anyone remember the movie "Wag the Dog" that came out as Bill Clinton was bombing Sudan in 1998 to distract fr… 

Maybe you should have waited another 49 yrs for this statement, our memories are long 

Hi Friends, We have developed many products like ecommerce, property solution, coaching solution, school solution... 

Far too many people are signing up to become slaves to their credit card companies.|Celso Cuk #HumanDesignIndonesia.com #bermazy77 DPD RI

Why tf are cover letters a thing for science positions ?? We all know you're only going to judge me on my resume so can we just cut the bs ?

Hello people in #Paris, #London, #NYC and elsewhere! Watch Eloise (2017) here:  

Miles away and I still fucking let you get to me   

A lot of things happening on one account jesus fucking christ 

Fuck the American system for letting this happen. Fuck Trump voters i hope they choke 

Launched the beautiful and #responsive Trailheadx2017 site with the team this week!  #webdesign #FrontEnd Check it out

You have to be a idiot and never played college sports! We get clothes everything paid for! Go plow a field 

Wasn't Flynn bellowing like a bull to "Lock her up" and now he's whining like a little bitch "Please don't lock me up!"

Fantastic symposium, 'ART IN AND AS WRITING' at #PacificNorthwestCollegeofArt #PNCA Inspirational. Especially… 

Posted a new song: "Hennessy Got Me In My Feelings (Love, Laugh, Live)"  

Full Gallery:  Stunning lesbians with ravishing beauty ...  Add me on snapchat: imangelina95… 

on a hotel shower: making you feel mildly retarded since 1947.

You understand the importance of striking a balance between pe... More for Pisces 

#Dübendorf findom #nylon #instapicture upskirt teenie #adultsingles #curvy boobs fucking 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#egham why not drop in and have a look at this original art? in Egham High Street 

Oh we're grown now? we're growing up now??? you can't even express your feelings and have a decent conversation baby. foh.

#PesachIsComing #KitchenIsClassroom #Smadar The Machon L'Yahadus classroom has moved from school to the dorm with... 

How Changes To The European S1 Scheme May Affect Your Expat Healthcare In France  #france #healthcare

Guy in office: You're putting vegan spread on cucumbers but eating pepperoni pizza. That's not very vegan of you.… 

Read all of  coverage of the Gov. Robert Bentley scandal 

Busty brunete babe gets oiled tits fucked 

Now I've started calling them out on it Pleased to see my younger siblings calling out bullshit when they see it, t… 

Rolex 36mm 16013 Datejust Stainless and 18k Gold w/ Bluel Dial and Jubilee Band  

My Bestfriends are the people who get me through my worst and best days and are still there for me no matter what    

Should I try to #save more or should I seek higher #investing returns? How do I fill my #retirement income gap?… 

You know how I ask people to stop comparing everything to Auschwitz? Could we do the same with slavery, please? 

My hair will not grow in one fucking spot    ‍ brah Wtf

My kids are my heart and soul. They will always be my babies, even when they grow old. KISSES SlayOnMegMag

Awesome day off the mat and spent it hiking with two wolves... gorgeous day, #siberianhusky… 

I’m the 132695th person in the entire world to beat the Student pack in WordBrain! #WordBrain #words

One of the good things is that I have learnt I'd make a great head on a coin. 

this hoe smell like piss and unseasoned fried chicken

#BoardOfDirectors STRATA shareholders elect Larry M. Peterson to board of directors - Idaho Business Review 

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

IM SO FUCKING BLESSED THX APRIL !!!!! ARRGRHHHH IM NDJSJSHXHSHS CRYIGNG SBSHSHSHHX SOEMHTIGN INSIDE OF MY JUST EXPL… 

Gender Pay Gap Reporting...What is it? Find out here  

Are you ready to discover secret leader qualities to grow your career?  

Little mid week tickle at the bookies and let down by Norwich not being able to score. At least a get a free bet.

Doomsday’s approaching: The climate could hit a state unseen in 50 million years 

Two brothers. In a van. And then a meteor hit. And they ran as fast as they could, from giant cat monsters. And then a giant tornado came.

I have to housesit for my parents this weekend and I reallyyyyy can't bothered to move my PS4 but I am kind of done with Zelda  

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Maybe if nayeon stopped using that ugly ass filter she'd have eyebrows 

Congratulations Girls DMR. New school record! 12:35.89! Congrats C Henderson H Black H Gruman and M Born at Blue Valley Relays

Hypothetically, If Karula has moved into the part of territory Xiluva's left open, what would be the sudden reason for doing so? #SafariLive

When you check his phone and he talks to bitches and gets mad that you're mad about it 

New 5 Star Review: "Paradise Family Dental cares about their patients. They understand that going to the... 

Whether Muslim or not, we all must become more tolerant, understanding, open-minded and encourage diversity. Unity… 

Remember, to those who think crowd action does nothing, McDonalds are seriously considering bringing back the Szechuan sauce.

And those of you who expect your friends with businesses to provide you with free services are real enemies of progress

I've just arrived home, I am wearing my pajamas and I am about to listen to Harry's song so I may die bc Skam has already fucked me up!

I made the girls at the salon vote Tboss.... Even thou they hate her ... If I'm buying u airtime ur voting 4 who I want in my presence

100 years after the Battle of #Vimy100 Ridge, story of a #ptbo veteran brings to life what these men went through.… 

We asked, and you responded with a wonderful selection of names. Given his beautiful colouring, it had to be...RUST… 

I've really changed. Since when have I been this into makeup? Lol   I'm really a different person 

If it ain't one thing it's a mother fucking nother  

1.) You'll never be the first 1 to the hotel lobby bkfst 2.) Your Midwestern politeness guarantees you'll never get a jumbo waffle.

I wanna be someone's WCW.. like how fucking cuteee.

One our Sovos traditions in our Minnetonka office! Birthday Cookies on the first Wednesday of every month.… 

Could have sworn someone was peeking in my room on #FursuitFriday guess it was nothing. 

Humanitarian partners launch drought operation coordination centre in Garowe, Puntland. Critical component of drought response in #Somalia

our downstairs neighbors are syrian refugees and aloe was like i think they only been in america for a few weeks but

BREAKING : Navajo Tribe CELEBRATES the End of Obama’s JOB-KILLING EPA Policies    reed more… 

Dear SE. Please stop it with the fucking crashing.

shemale fucking their girlfriends 

Work full or part-time at the Ace, Friendly Place! Apply at the corner of Yeager and Sagamore for a good #summer job 

fucking hardcore butt threesome 

This is a Putin-trump ruse. The will do anything to downplay the election scandal. Don't take your eyes off the bal… 

If anything would stall an investigation of Trump's collusion with Russia, it would be war with Russia.

People be cutting my ass about my accent not knowing I don't give 2 shits

I have a friend who is literally a ball of energy even at 6 in the morning and I'm kind of like why and how zz

I played the Search the Waves mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 10 #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight 

All because I was trying to watch the fucking show last night and I was multi tasking trying to complete before 12am I'm pissed

Found a Transponder Snail! Exclusive shots of Skypiea's "Kami," Eneru!  #TreCru 

Well said. I sure didn't buy the bottom here, but I think it will fly well beyond my entry. 

Plusieurs Oiseaux des Arbres de Vie. Penn Research Investigates How Songbirds Teach Themselves Songs  #natue #science

son stop watching my twitter   i hate hoes in my business

#7: Optimum Nutrition Gold Standard Pre-Workout Pre-Entreno, Manzana Verde - 330g 

IT Support Engineer We have an opportunity for an experienced and qualified IT Support Engineer to join ...

My chemistry teacher told my friend that her final score was 69% and I made the biggest pervert noise in the middle of class.

Don't go out your way to stop my money from coming. Business is business but lines are made don't cross them.

I'm getting so fucking mad at the characters in thirteen reasons why. They've heard the tapes. They understand Hannah's thinking

Its like 7am and I just watched the latest RT Vlog...and now I want BBQ. Texan BBQ. Which Ive never had. But I want it. For breakfast.

Delay in diverting Karwar night express via new route irks sangha ‘Let the train start from Mysuru and run on the… 

What's going on with the nuclear power plant on the Southern California coast line that was shut down because of "leaking"?

i will send this each day i can not deal with id theft again so if this bill pass i will have to turn off my net and phones again

Air France flies the Concorde over to Rio de Janeiro and Caracas, Venezuela for the last time. #aviation #history 

Lol Sukri's replies just made me wanna cry... I know how bad I am in maintaining relationships with friends but that's not related to work

Hi Twitter Kick Idiots out of your life when they are the indirect Reason you spend the Night in the drunk Tank   

so the girl who stole my tweet and claimed it was hers blocked me because i asked her where i got it from lmao 

Uptown Grooves with Tom Smith... A Little Bit Of Jazz and A Little Bit Of RandB.. #TuneIn on 89.9 #QuteFM

If I get the opportunity to meet the people who wrote/sing Girl's Got A Penis, I'm going to punch them in the crotch.

"How movie villains are teaching us skin conditions are evil" okay no no no no No NO nO NO NO NO NO NO FUCK OFFFFFFFF REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

"i'm in love with you, and i'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things." -The Fault in Our Stars

Beauty, like surprises do come in small packages. Take time out - a few moments each day to observe the beautiful finer things in life. Ma…

A 19-year-old kid made $11,500 his first month. We've made it so easy a monkey can do it!  

These are the Anonymous App kids are using. Be aware, Stay safe. #PrivacyAware 

Danny Welbeck: "We know it's not good enough. We want to be at the top of the league - it wasn't good to lose out o… 

You are acutely aware of your commitments today, but you're no... More for Sagittarius 

Top story: Medieval villagers mutilated the dead to stop them rising, study fin…  see more 

On Sat 11 Jun, The Ronnie Scott’s All Stars take to the stage to celebrate ‘The Ronnie Scott’s Songbook’… 

Post a picture of you and your sunshine and tag 10 people. Whoever fav/Rts thinks you'd be cute together  copied x… 

1.5M*2.0M Baby Play Mat Infantil Educational Crawling Mat Baby Room Football Fie  

I only came to my afternoon dance class and I swear if I see there's only one person there I'm walking out and heading to find my prom dress

Unless you enjoy stop and go, but mostly stop, #rva peeps would be best to avoid I95 north of the Lakeside merge.

Your life is a study of extremes today. On one hand, you're in... More for Virgo 

It's not that i don't like you it's just your a nasty ass girl and i don't fw that   ‍

Hager responds to Soper's piece. TLDR: you idiots can't read  

Helloo... I'm Fucked (ImFucked4Life) 

Tweeties , EVEN messed My SONS TV -- For some reason - LIKE some illegal attachments was HOOKED to COMCAST , without My KNOWLEDGE

I hope to follow these rules one day when I own a home! For now, I will let my landlord worry about this stuff.… 

A new guitar is 30% lighter thanks to multiple weird tricks: and Your scientists have been so preoccupied with…… 

>6 places you must never visit in Nigeria - UK government advises residents (FULL LIST) 

Are you fucking kidding me. All he can do is read from teleprompters. SAD.

Big Sur Relief: The U.S. Small Business Admin. will have a rep. at Big Sur Station today from 10-5 to help businesses with disaster loans.

Obama economy: Welfare dependency peaks as rich got richer - Washington Times 

See the difference between me and mad bitches they be mad I be biddin   ‍     

With more than hundred movies being released every year, is it #Hollywood or #Bollywood. 

Whether you live in USA, #Pakistan, #China, #Mexico, or elsewhere, just enjoy this movie:  

On the one hand, that ambition needs to be encouraged from girlhood. On the other, my ambitions are that of an adul… 

They played a clip and showed a character removing his helmet. His long white hair flowed out. Then he turned and it was a cow face.  

NECN Two UMass Boston students are awarded scholarships in honor of a Boston Marathon victim My… 

 Paraguay: Police blamed as protester dies in clashes 

Saying you stan+calling them 'untalented ' with your nasty ass whore mouth.Bruhh you're the biggest joke on twitter. 

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

me eating dairy knowing I'm lactose intolerant and my stomach gonna be fucked up 

March 30, 2017 at 10:45PM #DownloadUI #MobileHtml5Example  #html5 pdf,html5 a #download... 

Despite beating #ISIS all the way back to #Raqqa, the #YPG still have a limited number of heavy weapons. Reports no… 

White Topaz Engagement Ring and Diamonds Pear drop Cut Halo Goccia Grand …  #Etsy #PearHaloRing 

Thanks to Twitter, Ghost in the Shell Never Stood a Ghost of a Chance  

What are the of the 3 Brexiteers and May being in post in 2 years time? I could put a bet on they won't all be at the very least

Greene County - There is currently a crash on U.S. 35 eastbound, east of I-675. The road is closed, seek alternate route.

 lands a fourfold. 6 fold in great shape. Shout it in guys!!! 6.47 #winner so far  

Descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today, even i... More for Gemini 

Closest I'll get to flip flops, sunshine and sand.. #summerdreaming #OBX #sunshine… 

If #MSDhoni Scores More Than Steve Smith In Next Match, Will You Make Him Captain Again?You Can Praise Without Disr… 

Song of the Day: God Inna Me Corner by Romain Virgo.  

Orange Line: Expect residual delays to Vienna due to an earlier train malfunction at Minnesota Avenue.

Someone I know died suddenly last summer, but I hav... — I am so so sorry to hear this :( That must have bee... 

32% of small business investors have an income of $40K or less. So if you think it takes a nonsensically wealthy... 

Unc won 3 games this tournament because of blatant mistakes by the officials and they are now national champions. Sad world we live in

He does not need the balls... There will be a face off and it will be televised by more than KABC 

GLENDA JACKSON in rare, brief clip of 1988 stage performance in MACBETH, w/Christopher Plummer #ShakespeareSunday - 

Plus she made me late this morning cuz she took it to her room and didn't bring it back and I thought I lost it and got pissed for no reason

Azaleas in bloom on a beautiful #spring day. #azalea  

Thanks Mrs. Darling for creating our Easter bunny craft with us! We appreciate all your help, love and support  

Please RT #thermomix #recipes How It's Made - Bimby  TM5 IT  

Why is spongebob squarepants called squarepants if he wears shorts shouldn't he be spongebob squareschwartz

This week has been full of coffee, wine, tears, pizza, wings, and more tears. Someone please get me out of this snow and back at MereCo!!!

Angel Islington - An Immaculate Conception - London Street Art on my Art Supply Run #art #artist… 

Top 5 rappers all time (Not up for discussion) 5.) Bow Wow 4.) Chingy 3.) Gorilla Zoe 2.) Jizzal Man ( Dem Franchize Boyz) 1.) Petey Pablo

Just in today. An older title (1967) with a story relevant to today. Without searching her name, who can tell us... 

Some girl just asked me to explain Arts Everywhere to her and then she said "oh so it's just high school stuff" and now I'm very confused

"It seems like the government lied to Twitter about why it wanted the information." 

fat girls fucking skinny girls 

friends they have been streaming the season premiere of #RickandMorty and you had better experience it

Niggas gon hate, life would be spelled efil if they didn't... 

Freedom of the press was only so the Press could report the truth not to be a Democrat propaganda machine that's exactly what Hitler did

39 Pics That Prove You Should Really Check Your Background Before Taking That Selfie 

Burger, Ice, TAX, Pizza, Car wash, flag, Chef, Jester, Barber Air... Stop By  #Success #Growth

[West Lake Sammamish] Arcanine (M) (IV: 37%) until 04:04:23AM at 4160 178th Ln SE  

Iraq Afghanistan Libya Egypt Yemen Everything the US/UK have interfered with has led to disaster, don't add Syria to this fucking list.

This morning's subway hero: Mets cap, brush mustache, $5 umbrella over his arm reading an ancient PB edition of Dostoyevsky's The Possessed.

Fathers and sons serving together at a men's conference. That's what it's all about. 

Somebody come collect this KBoo. Her tags include "tried to do asian look and use asian accent otl" and "waaah i look… 

Ugly bitches arent getting put in videos. Get over it 

Perhaps many years ago they were better at hiding their self-interest. They don't bother hiding it now, and are braze… 

no offense but they look retarded 

Bolts power play strikes in 4-1 win over Bruins #TampaBayLightning #TampaBayLightning 

Hahaha, poor young Phillipina colleague complained thar her student was "weird". Just to make her shift even better!

This is some pretty entertaining stuff- some good stories in here. Excited for #WrestleMania! 

Tournament filling up, 7s, 9s, and 12s are full !!! 8s, 10s and 11s only 4 spots between them ! #NotTheBiggestJustTheBest #BYFCShootout2K17

We have been finding the perimeter of 2D shapes by solving problems from the zoo! 

AND ESPECIALLY FUCK TIGGER AND THIS STUPID JUMPING GAME

Delete your account, Senator. Blame your idiot Majority Leader for this. 

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

Graded unit was all fun and games when we were doing the activities in placement now it's a bloody carry on writing it all up  

It's always a good day when you run into your baby girl at the grocery store! She's become #onegreatcook

Proper fancy some sweet potato fries....little tip to get them crispy is the lightly toss them in cornflour before baking ;-)

Police find wet, naked woman who only knows she's a mermaid. Then they spotted her webbed feet 

McConnell...do you have Alzheimer's??? You are an idiot just like Trump! 

After scoring such a hit last April, the Salone del Mobile.Milano is back with more branded products 

I HOPE SHE GETS THE FUCKING POINT 

71.4°F: Dew point 59.9°F: Heat index 71.4: Wind S: 6.9 mph.: Rain rate 0.0 per hr.: Year to date 6.3inches.: 8:37:09 pm 4 01 2017

When u never thought ur week to present the reading would get here but now here we are just days away from me embarrassing my ass

Rap use to have actually meaningful lyrics and a story in the song. Majority of it now is for people that eat crayons. Like Lil Pump. Smh.

This bitch annoying af too smh 

Los Angeles Abrasion Test , Why and How To Perform - I AM A STUDENT OF CIVIL ENGINEERING 

Fantasy: Where did Bastian Schweinsteiger land in his first top 50?  

And... Kept awake by my fucking guts again. *watches robot wars on the phone instead of sleeping *

went all the way to georgia for this trailer today for his company. he's so happy   #building #grinding #bossman 

How to buy an SUV: You don't, just get a fucking coupe or a sedan

My love is never gonna run dry, never gonna come up empty, now until the day I die. -#FloridaGeorgiaLine

Replace Gorsuch w/ someone w/ bipartisan approval. If Repubs use nuclear option, that means Dems will later too. Neither makes sense.

Cheerleader Natalie Norton Gets Violently By Pissed Of 

Decent chance that White shows enough to be tried in different lineup spot and then that vet C alongside him won't be necessary.

Royce: *says no phones at concert but I am super close to the front row* me: *doesn't use phone* Still Me: 

I just checked in at Forest Package Store with #mPLUSPlaces Download today! 

  #PoeticPansylee eeeeeuhooooooYou Take My Breath AWAY  Thank you for this lovely happening of yours! */*… 

I'm bored so I'm bout to just act a fucking fool and go whatever   

tw/aftg crossover fics are so like... get a job stay away from andreil ugly ass mfs

#hotsexywomen fucking cheerleader nude pics 

Breaking News- Finn Balor will not be returning tonight. He has injured his leg whilst entering the arena. #WWE

Burns nt head out when people refer to Jamiroquai as "he" it's a fucking band, not just one person.

Don't forget to stop by #ISCWest Booth 23140 for the latest #Ballistic #Security designer upgrades, doors, windows, access control and more!

#NiceKicks JJJJound x Vans Old Skool Collab is Coming Soon  

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

"I love you, I miss you, but you've never been my home. Because you only ever wish to hear the fun stuff not what's important for me."

All this rain reminds me of the snow gun slalom. Sign up now  

Imagine giving an American cop a Pepsi at a demonstration! He would shoot you in the face and tip foaming soda over your twitching corpse

play this at my fucking funeral   

IT SHOULDN'T TAKE ME 5 FUCKING MINUTES TO SCAN 3 PLANETS, IT SHOULD TAKE LIKE 1

If I had to choose only one tv channel, I will go for Diva. I love the series, movies even the ads and all.

clay: who what how when where why me: fiNISH THE FUCKING TAPES 

Legal Test Of School's Responsibility In $41.5 Million Hotchkiss Case - Hartford Courant  #PersonalInjury #news

i scolded my two little cousins because they were scaring my friends poor little dog, they held her wrong, and they keep grabbing her

Jealous Cat Competes With Video Games For Attention  #jealous #cat #videogames 

Media Release: MPP Walker ejected from Legislature after criticizing Education Minister over school closures #onpoli 

Human!cas being an innocent little bean, and needin... — Poor Cas is gonna have quite a crash. And Dean will... 

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

Queen Elizabitch is the best album of 2017... sex jams, weight anthems, pop perfection, confessional tracks, this h… 

in my opinion CC did not pitch to well tonight he had base runners every inning and our yankee defense kept him out of trouble!!

I'm partial to Naoto but I can agree that Chie is great. Haven't played Golden, though. 

If you would've told me I'd be studying at midnight on Saturday at 24, I would've looked at you sideways. I barely wanted to be in college.

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

Watch lesbian movie:  Petite blondie sucking and fucking on camera 

Man championships have been something else this year fucking crazy what a year for sports

Store Manager - Ponca City, OK 74601, US #jobs #Ponca City pls RT: Store Manager AutoZone, the nation’s leading… 

Kenapa calaqisya mahal sgt but the things keep calling me like ughhhh nooo you cant use your saving nooooooo ~~~~

Signed a petition for a united Ireland a while back and I keep getting poxy emails off them, they've made me change my mind up the Brits    

I want nothing but love, happiness and all the smil... — i love you so much izzy 

and I would like to wish you guys luck against Fearless Leader. Yeah, and we would come help you guys, but... we don't wanna get hurt. Yeah,

Dating someone who has a foot fetish probably wouldn't even be that bad I bet you'd get feet massages all day every day

 like just go listen to that. if you don't have spotify listen to their covers on youtube.

Clocks to turn back as daylight savings ends #WhenDoesDaylightSavingEnd  

i feel like pushing the backs of the people who choose to walk so fucking slowly in front of me.. so annoying

u s small cent 9 rolls estate from old coin shop sold as is  #ebay #coins #money

Now Those Privacy Rules Are Gone, This Is How ISPs Will Actually Sell Your Personal Data 

Squeeze my fucking throat. 

First Official Portrait Of Melania Released And Everyone Immediately Notices One Thing VERY Different In It… 

Easton Police Investigate Possible Road Rage Incident WATCH at:  

The most visited blog post for the month of March was an old post about #Veeam displaying an NFC connection error. 

If I ever lead a team you're in and you act like a 2 year old, I'll treat you like one and put you on a timeout

Recognizing the importance of local parishes, this Cardinal plans to allow laypeople to run them. 

Sleeping over at my baby's on Sunday are always a good idea until his alarm goes off at 4:45am  We didnt want to get out if bed this morning

i fucking hate my body im fucking ugly and disgusting and nobody is helping im turning off my fucking phone bye

Rant over. I still hate this fucked up school though.

She fucked with me cause I was getting chips and I always have a wingman if she got relatives .

Vegan or not... I HATE how the world ignores the things that are happening on our factory farms. The meat industry is so fucked up.

Reflation Roars Back From The Dead: Stocks Jump On Stronger Dollar, Oil Back Over $50 

i honestly dont know why i set an alarm because jerome wakes me up every morning before it even goes off  

Republic of Ireland women's football team threaten strike over FAI treatment  

My throats hurts so bad and my breathing is all fucked up

Want to work at DL - Doyon Limited? We're #hiring in #Fairbanks, AK! Click for details:  

You might have plans for a peaceful day of rest and relaxation... More for Cancer 

My Girlfriend Getting Fucked By My Friends 

Ever forget someone's second name n it drives u crazy and u can't find them even tho ur mutuals I can't be havin this

Eye-Tracking Glasses Illustrate What A Professional Pianist Sees While Playing 

Cutting govt waste isn't a repub thing. Who wants our money going to waste?  

6 Reasons Why Your Business Should Consider Blogging in Your Marketing Strategy  #social #media

Learning to love yourself is probably one of the hardest things for some people. Get out of… 

FUCKING BRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN

Lightning strikes catch three homes on fire in Grand Prairie -  

Chelsea boss Antonio Conte jumps to the defence of Diego Costa: He will start firing again 

are you fucking joking me rick and morty season 3 airs today of all days

"If we were motivated by money, we would have sold the company a long time ago and ended up on a beach" - Larry Page

Thanks for bringing this to our attention. We'd like to look into this. Can you please contact us here? 

States, green groups threaten lawsuit if Trump doesn't finalize efficiency standards: 

Judge my parenting all you want, but this how I discipline my 5yr old. #TeamSweden #TeamDad 

Limitless Pill - Brain-Enhancing Drug Sweeping Sillicon Valley. Effects Are Incredible -  

busty animated shemale fucking blowjob 

Movie title: Havenhurst. Release date: February 10, 2017 (#USA). Watch it for #free here:  

PA Fiscal Office Again Says Proposed NatGas Tax Would Set Nation's Highest Rate 

L O V E// designing this wedding with the Bride was a dream, and the venue- breathtaking// PC:… 

Let's lose our minds and go fucking crazy. Ah ya ya ya ya I keep on hoping we'll eat cake by the ocean! ♪ 

#StockMarket Crash not in the works but strong correction would be a positive development 

Chapter 1: A Body in the Bay - The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of... #Nonfiction  #Nonfiction

You might be disgruntled with your current social standing bec... More for Taurus 

FFS.. she's flogging a book and making a fortune out of this rubbish. Don't give this con woman a platform (unless for comedy) #latelate

Having an adorable little best friend comes with a price. With great dog parents, come great responsibilities.... 

Literally can't even walk through my hall without wanting to burst into tears, totally breaks my heart

13 ways to rock a leather jacket on your #wedding day:  

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

News story: System launched to help tackle harms from new psychoactive substances 

Fuck niggas, get money..they catch feelings and get ugly

I was having a bad night.. but then the memes were fucking lit af

We have 3 worship opportunities on Easter Sunday. Richard Randall and I will be attending the Sunrise Service on... 

That is the case with most people, they usually regret it when it is already too late... 

In that dirty ass Mississippi water   

I was gonna say I can't wait to get fucked by you but HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH no homo. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ… 

OMG I JUST SAW ON DANIEL'S IMDB THAT HE'S GOING TO BE IN FEATWD SEASON 3 IM SCREAAMING SOMEONE HOLD ME BACK IM SO BLOODY EXCITED

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

A lovely day to think about a break by the sea and New Forest at this lovely holiday apartment. Perfect all year… 

Evolving to provide better support: Why meet-ups matter in the cloud era #CX 

Of course, Texas Republicans have too much lose if they don't support the orange menace 

Without a strong base, Trump will be wide open for betrayal and impeachment by the GOP. We must #FireKushner now! 

Why does the NBA need ESPN when most of its demographic is on Facebook? Think FB doesn't have $24B to throw at this? 

These games are unnecessary, whoever would have won beaten them would have been mocked regardless. 

Fucking North Carolina keeps fucking my bracket up

Issues Impacting Successful Big Data Initiatives | #BigData #Hadoop #RT  by #Ronald_vanLoon 

#RIPJanetKaniniIkua We will celebrate her for all the good things she did. This #GoodDeedsDayKE Is for all Kenyans. 

MoS' view on likely R3 scoring. Might we see as many as five games of #AFL crack 200 points this weekend? 

It could seem like there are invisible boundaries in place tha... More for Aquarius 

14k Solid Yellow Gold Jewelry Lot - Bracelet + (2) Earrings, 9.3g (scrap) Usable  

Iran Suffers Second Loss in Asian Boys’ U-19 Volleyball Championship  #Powerful_Iran #Tehran 

Walking around downtown D in my mother fucking house shoes....

Ok never mind. Apparently, Rock is special enough to have the only 6B that's able to whiff cancel into specials

Amber Heard sues producer for adding sex scenes to movie without her consent 

Starting Batman- The Telltale Series today! Just waiting for it to finish installing (taking way longer than… 

I spend an abnormal amount of time thinking about how cutting my nails is the worst of the grooming habits.

#HeyRememberWhen you kid brother and/or sister bumped your stereo system and scratched your favorite album?! 

This song is so good omg. I can't wait for her album!  Dua Lipa - Genesis (Live in Boston 2017) 

Share your #SherpaForTheWin videos during #Destiny Age of Triumph for a chance to win the Sword of Crota! 

#kaabil #Adhm #Shivaay ★ SECURING Tiger… Salman Khan with SPS-West GMBH…  

Dreaming of Thailand by gregory29  #photography #beautiful 

#Trump won because #people were sick of the lying #liberal retards that were in charge! 

Marx Soft Plastic French Provencal Chiffarobe master bedroom dresser Toy..  #furniture… 

2017 will be an exhilarating year for me artistically. After an impactful 14-day artist… 

Hahahah I would've died if I were her because being compared to Shraddha is a blessing    

Wh-What did I do!? You're the one who made it sound creepy and wrong! "Private lessons," huh? #ChieBot

Markers White Liquid Chalk Pen 4mm Marker For Windows Chalkboard Blackboar B  

I FUCKING HATE YOU JDKDBSVSJ 

I Kan put a hit on you homie you know I'm good for it!!! But I'll do you in myself Kuz it's Personal.

I'm saying!!! Fucking Hardy bros!!!  

Body shaming isn't funny I hate people that will literally do the dumbest videos for some views. Fuck this generati… 

Funny how 'bro' overtakes 'geek' as tech stereotype. Not sure US high-school cliques are best way to understand people in their 40s, though.

#Spring safety tips you and your #pet need to know to be prepared in this new season! Check it out:… 

95% of girls who fuck with me find their future husband after. It's like they look for something similar to me but not as shitty

This tea tastes like garbage but if the model on the front got a snatched waist ya girl about to have one too

At $1 bn valuation, Softbank readies Snapdeal for merger with Flipkart  

NBA: Splash Brothers go for 64 combined points to help Warriors lock up No. 1 seed in West with 120-111 win at Suns (ESPN) …

You can barely see it but look carefully for the underwater falls in this Mauritius shoreline. 

5PCs Polygon Copper Cage Resin Rhinestone Pendants Jewelry Findings  

Good relationships don't just happen. They take time, patience and two people getting through all the hard times together.

ok im finishing 13 reasons why now so that i can get my mind off of stuff and cry at a show instead of LIFE

#Venezuela Time for a Constitutional Convention to Create a #NewConstitution with real separation of #Power!

 Great food for thought in a time of a divided nation. 

Aircraft spotted: Flight EZY21YL is 96.4 miles away and travelling 453 kts at 29075 feet | 

To every dedicated member of #Teamefe the strongest team we’ve ever seen! God will give you all a good testimony as… 

Everybody wanna sell a Caesar salad with a nasty ass Caesar dressing , like how that work   

Get a job: Disruptor Beam is hiring a Mobile Software Engineer  

Xbox 360 S Kinect 320 GB Star Wars Special Edition Bundle w/ 4 Games  

Dying in prison: Two women's stories - sobering that we punish the punished and put at risk the vulnerable 

"What we're seeing at the moment is the building of a base," said ClipperData's commodity research director, Matt Smith.

Bitch you about stupid asf.      

When people troll you and you need to be patient #intime all in good time #thewait 

When the government bureau's remedies do not match your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy.

Play by the rules you get fucked over. Excel yb 1/2 chatting to punter. So i tell my Portland place to wait. Then sendt it to cab in front

Debating is interesting, but there are those who aggressively wish to express their opinion and it's rather disengaging.

3 weeks ago I dropped my phone in a toilet and now my space star thing has clogged the toilet. Tf is with my luck with toilets

Romelu Lukaku: Chelsea would be a no-brainer for Everton striker - Danny Murphy  

“Over half of the nutrients in a typical multivitamin are not actually necessary,” 

The toes he knitted on my fucking body? The haters he numbered on me? Damn the Fuk?? 

Telling an adult that wrestling is not real, is like tell a child Santa Claus is dead #WorseDisapointmentInTheWorld

When he lost his shorts I sure laughed  Dec just got caught with his pants down on Saturday Night Takeaway 

Ryan Miller will be starting tonight. Against LA he has a career win rate of 60%, GAA of 2.42, and SV% of 0.931 #FantasyHockey #NHL #VAN

and DON'T FUCKING MIX EXOL AND ARMY BCS EXO AIN'T MAKING EXOL FANDOM TO MIX WITH A SHITTY FANDOM NAME

looks like another all nighter. this is bullshit, I'm gonna be fucked like a whore trying to support her family for Christmas on monday

wonho got all his muscles by streaming on melon and clicking hearts on vlive but alas, no first win.

Why Netflix's Success Could Lead To An Industry-Wide Strike  

Shiroun : smirks hey ~ looks at everyone smirking im Shiroun a demon winks i Can be very flirty and funny hehe i lo… 

Bruh that's just fucked up   

I have every reason in the world not to love you, but yet it's still in my heart. I pray to god every night to remove it. Each day is easier

4 p.m. - you write a film about the silver ghost. you spray the scent of banana on the pages. send it to the cave.

1 practical assessment, an essay and a presentation left to finish for university and then 1st year is over  this year has flown.  

The Pico Model C is the beer-brewing appliance for price-conscious... - TechHive 

I wonder if Taehyun got tickets too bc remember last time Taehyun asked Donghyun to book him a ticket too   

Chuckles. "Reputation would've been good enough to say, prince—er, king. Just because shortcake said it doesn't mea… 

I seen what these bitches would do for a dolla and I got obsessed with it!

Of course, you want to be recognized for your contributions on... More for Pisces 

You're not a big fan of the rules unless you make them yoursel... More for Aquarius 

It's official the United States is a dictatorship.Trump and republicans do what they want,voting is null and void.

As i pray, I am truly grateful for my blessings. i'm Thankful for the power and health i gain daily. i thank you fo… 

Ariel Winter wears see-through (and skin-tight) mini-dress to Smurfs premiere:  

My STUPID ASS SISTER RUINED MY KAT VON D LIPSTICKS IM GOING TO CUT HER HAIR IN HER SLEEP

When I'm mad at someone and they ask me if I'm mad and I don't wanna tell them I'm mad. 

Justice Virendra Bhat: 'Court to grant compensation to the accused of the false POCSO charges'. Is that enough? #RemoveUnfairPOCSOlaw

Unless the tree of life is business underneath all of that, what's the value when compared to millions of lives

Shockingly Massive Lightning Strike Captured On Camera That Can Scare Even The Bravest Of People 

know told my best friend that i should have kept it on even though it made me miserable just because such an outward rejection of what has

hey fabijanac, you may want to check  for latest updates on #Glastonbury   

Genitalia is sex you fucking idiot. 

Pick an #exercise plan you're prepared to commit to for at least a month, and stick to it. You will make progress w… 

"You can play dumb if you want to but only my mama can monetize the imagery of protest for this company or we walk.… 

Mishkat has been doing some independent learning at home, making super progress with her spellings.… 

I really wish they released monster high dolls when I was much younger tho. But now I'm older but I'm gonna buy my future daughter ALL the

Twitter ideas please. Any good courses in London next week for teenagers (15) - Art, Sport, Design, or just good fun

One cannot spend one's entire life running into bathrooms when danger calls! KISSES ShinesAtTradeLaunch

Brexit passport design competition shortlist revealed – could the next UK passport be one of these? 

Lebron just owns the Celtics ever since Garnett talked so much trash about his mom and Delonte West 

Of course, it couldn't be that she's just an idiot  

My friend nikfolsom wrote this cool book about a haunted theater in San Antonio, TX. If you're… 

Ramaandkrishna were very dark. Are they southerners?tarun statement totally anti nationalism anti Indianism straightaway devide northandsouth

I would've beat her ass sooooo mf bad 

Every line of this linen stitch scarf takes me 30 minutes to complete so this is literally going to take all year.

I fucking hate running out of soy milk. Protein powder DOES NOT go well with water.

You might be puzzled today when you realize that your plans ar... More for Aries 

I luv Dee I could literally look homeless and she'd be like "yes bitch throw that ass BACK   "

My favourite venue to acquire doughnuts and a cappuccino is at Dunkin Donuts, and they have quite a favourable taste on my gustatory cells.

"If you don't I'm driving in the other lane" "bib il kill us both idc" and she had the most shocked look like 

There's no hot water to shower in this house yet I had mental prepare for this shower and I'm don't think I'm gonna recover

Hispanicize Day 3!  Well, I really only wore this dress because it SCREAMS Miami.    ---------   #Hispz17… 

Cry me a fucking river is one of my favourite responses to whining but the whiners don't like it *shrugs*

Andhra Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu’s Son Nara Lokesh , 13 Others Take Oath As Member…  

Aaron Hernandez C/W said w/oBradley you could convict   In what world?All C/W witnesses were torning apart!Pre-judge of AHandAB's lies keys

Steve Bannon Removed From Nation Security Council, Plans to Focus Energy on Metamorphosis Into Goblin King #bannon 

It's 50$ to register for classes at JobWorks and I can't even take the classes I want. This is gonna fucking take forever.   I start May 9.

#fucking my girl his mom's pussy 

Kennedy was assassinated for the same reason Lincoln was for attempting to stop the Rothschilds control on US 

Jodie Kidd's long legs 'limit' her wardrobe choices - Sunday World  #Longlegs

Totodile IV:80.0%(11/11/14) Move Set: Scratch/Crunch Available until 15:06:18 (37m 43s). 

My manager is so abrasive personality, and it worked again so doing that can actually provide for me, so be it.

WILDERS: Patriot Spring in Full Bloom — Dutch Have Enough of Open Door Policies 

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Jocasta: Knock-knock! Amanda: Who's there? Jocasta: Werewolf. Amanda: Werewolf who? Jocasta: Lovable werewolf!

This Easter at Gateway Church, we're celebrating the powerful love of God that unites us all together. #loveishere… 

Going in early, because I was looking at some questionable things online at work yesterday, and forgot to delete my search history #trolol

Improvements Portable 30 LB Clear Ice Maker - Red, White - 512786  

The new #Pepsi commercial is literally about bridging the gap to people different than you and coming together. Fucking idiots.

Watching kids deal with parents who are addicted is so f---king hard. I'm at arms-length from the situation, but dammit...

Turkey's ministery of internal affairs banned the Kurds' electoral song of 'Na'(means no) because its lyrics are Kurdish!democracy,equality?

I REALLY HAVE NO DETERMINATION TO WORK ON THIS PROJECT ANYMORE GOD JUST GIVE ME A B MINUS AND ILL ACTUALLY BE OKAY WITH THAT

Trump administration seemingly embracing more active role in Syria. Also, Sec Tillerson is becoming more visible. 

Our $64 Spring promo is good until April 15th! Find your family's perfect sitter and pay them, on us. Details here:… 

theres a guy doing crunches next to me and hes not making a sound while im out here,, panting like a fucking 18th century steam engine,,,,

I'm so fucking salty rn. I need to find a way to counter 2k into grab. Idk why LK doesn't work anymore it worked at Evo T~T

This country the lack of customer service is disgusting and let's even start with unprofessional behaviour

If someone has ho'd it up with you, you cant be mad if they're hoing it up with someone else. We're all hoes anyway, namaste  .

Canada-US going to overtime in World Championship gold medal game. Overall tournament is weak, but these two teams never fail to deliver.

We're investing in Sydney's future through major infrastructure projects creating vibrant communities. #nspoli 

Lacrosse is taking on Wooster over in Ohio. You can watch live here! | Video: 

MILF Wakes up for being Fucked 

Layering the Argent and Lagoon necklaces to create a luxurious look   #Newcastle #jewellery Shop the look -… 

Where To Find Pot Growing cannabis Outdoors In Maryland Arizona Dealer  

seeing his smile is home enough for me to get through the day no matter how tough it is it's like a reminder for me to be happy too

DFL didn't offer amendment to put state back on the hook for LRT operating losses—glad there seems to be agreement on this. #mnleg

VIDEO: 'Gun-toting and axe-wielding thugs have hijacked our Doncaster estate' - The Star #Doncaster 

I have been on Twitter for 6 years, 3 months, 24 days (since 11 Dec 2010). And you? 

Sometimes, periods of peace and prosperity lead to complacency. God uses individuals, good and evil, to make huge... 

Staying up all night listening to #Franksinatra, #BobDylan and #LeonardCohen . Can't get any better then that.

This #SusanRice scandal is going to be like a snowball running downhill. Daily Mail covering it now! 

1 Peter 1:22 Since you have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit in sincere love of the brethren,

Roger Federer is on fire in 2017! He wins his third #MiamiOpen title, and his third straight match in 2017 over Nad… 

I've seen him... I've seen him folks, Kurimatsu fucked a squirrel

There are just no words for that defensive performance. And then to score two late tries is just incredible

MediaTek Says It's Testing a Solution to Address 'Sub-Standard' Chipset Issue: "Once…  

Pissed tf off nd irritated x100, Lord please watch over me so I don't do anything stupid because I swear the devil is tryin me nd I cant.  

Bigtime sale at the Courtside Store tonight! 50% most items! EVERYTHING. MUST. GO. 

So #Deuces is like In Too Deep meets The Wire meets Power without all the fanfare. Really cute film. Something to watch with your lady.

I get emails like this because I keep a cross-border bank account open to pay off my US credit card. make sure to a… 

 — THIS FANCAM IS FUCKING GOLD 

NEW BEATS BY DRE STUDIO WIRELESS 2.0 Black/RED Bluetooth OVER EAR Headphones  

LIAISE now contains Spring 17 Census data inc. School Characteristics for Spring 17; latest Attendance Autumn 16. 

We, the true Americans, prevented this Satan and his minions from ruling our great Republic. #God 

Nothing is holding back your imagination now, freeing you to e... More for Aquarius 

“I REMEMBER YOU” (1.56) - #Beatles #theBeatles - #PaulMcCartney sings this number made famous by "Frank -  - #Music

I'm not going to lie, That Pepsi commercial was the most disposable piece a moist garbage that I've ever seen.

New York Jets 10 card 2010 Topps insert lot-all different  

Fetty Wap's Label Exec Charged with Attempted Murder in Paterson Shootout (MUG SHOT) 

Germany threatens online giants with 50mn euro fake news, hate speech fines Germany on Wednesday took the... 

Great result, great performance today! GET IN!! Walking to my seat and noticed this photo opportunity so it had to… 

I FINISHED MY DRAWING OF HONG JISOO !! / Joshua Hong of Seventeen!! i like doing digital fanart hh its fun 

TRIMET INCIDENT - WITH WEAPON *H at 0 SW 1ST AVE, PORTLAND, OR [Portland Police #PP17000101032] 11:33 #pdx911

A couple times guilds would keep a spot open for me, people wanted to nab me before I'd raided with another guild for the week

I legit want to throw this fucked up feelings away and turn off my feelings for those who don't deserve it.

SEO Single Page vs. Multiple Page WordPress Themes  #WordPress #Theme #TeamLinchpin 

  thinkedj: You can see me and my tattoos on  feel free to reblog     

#LetsGoMets #YaGottaBelieve #GoMets #LGM Richard Herr - Scouting the enemy - ??????? 

I was like why do so many guys think dominican girls ruin lives and then I realized that I don't do all the shit that I think of doing

CLICK YOUR SUPPORT! Shop at Amazon by using the banner at the top of  and we get a little coin!

Brunette Babe Kendra Lust Gets Fucked 

Working from 5:30 pm - 5:30 am is really fucking with my sleeping schedule   ‍  ‍

Found a Transponder Snail! Famed Pirate Hunter captured! Exclusive shots!!  #TreCru 

A reviewer I like descried Ghost In The Shell as "the most beautiful movie [they've] ever seen" and "blatantly raci… 

Jesus fucking Christ. This is going to be a trainwreck

It's like a time capsule of my elementary school interests: a nine and collecting weird shit. 

Noticed on Amazon my books fall into a wide range of categories, from Horror Literature, to Ghosts, to Romantic Com… 

just like bitches want you, niggas want me... but one thing about me, i'll never have you out here looking stupid if i fuck with you

i was in english class and behind me i hear two people talking "you're so gay!" "so are you!" "i know that! thank you!" how iconic

i love how aave gets co-opted by nonblacks and mainstream media run into the ground w overuse then black ppl get patronized for still using it

Steps - One For Sorrow is now playing on NowUKRadio! Tune in here >  #NOWUKRadio #onlineradio

#miley cyris nude pictures nigers fucking movies 

Pussy vibrating and gets ass fucked 

*agrees to make my 11 hour work day into a 14 hour work day just to hangout with my favorite kindergartener

JBS Food Canada Inc. (Brooks AB): "customers, truck lines, plant personnel, sales, field reps,…  #customersvc #jobs

All you've done is got yourself tangled in your own web of lies, and then worsened it by trying to lie your way out of a lie.

Here's to making bad decisions and not giving a fuck about it.  

2nd Cranston West allegation-2013.Female soccer student said Pearson "slapped her buttocks."Again-put in his file but not reported to police

If you think all Great Ideas come from a few dead white guys, you really need to get out of that Ivory Phallus Tower. And get a better life.

The Phoenix crowd is 50% Suns fans and 50% Warriors fans. Both teams get loud cheers everytime they score lol.

2016 #MotoGP People's Choice: ?? ?? Valentino #Rossi ???? ?? ?? 2016 Exceptional Achievement in #F1: ?? ?? Fernando… 

That's So Ignorant , I Don't Want Nobody Whose Dick Ain't Exclusive Give That Party Dick To A Lame Bitch  

Man up same shit happened to me, you cant tell until its to late.. now just fix your self and your mistakes it will… 

What’s in store for #BigDataAnalytics In 2017? Let's find out!  #BigData… 

goal for the rest of my life is to speak to everyone the way i speak to ezrah and my plants. 

We can start and finish wars, we're what killed the dinosaurs. We're the asteroid that's overdue. 

i'd b so much cooler if i wasn't such a beg n you'd all actually wanna talk to me but someone pls pay attention to me

And Trump has fucked off to Maralago! 

Something awesome, this way comes. We've got SW Merino and silk, we've got SW merino, cashmere… 

No more true love in this 21st century so you guys should stop wasting your time. Just do what you can do and move on.

#FMI my movie (link in bio) will have a distributor soon. Looking forward to everyone seeing it. Happy #TGIF #WEEKEND #RandR

FCD has the tendency to park the bus in big games in the road. If they do that tonight there's no doubt in my mind they will lose.

NWSSevereTstorm: Severe Thunderstorm Warning including Kenedy County, TX until 8:45 PM CDT 

How a California bill is threatening faith-based codes of conduct – Sacramento, Calif., Apr 4, 2017 / 10:47 am ... 

i hate when jobs say "you can make UP TO $30 an hour" but bitch that ain't the pay rate! So take that off the job post

False Doctrine in the Pulpit is worse than water in the gas pump. You will never get to where you are going, and you will be very angry.

I don't know what's going on I can't feel a thing. I was so happy yesterday Tyler is everything he's everything I love him so much

But have you seen any of their TV/Movie/Comics stuff? It's hard to sit through a full video. Take for example a recent Flash video,

I literally attract the weirdest fucking people... gonna have to go with a no on that one   #wtf 

FoxNews: RT foxnewspolitics: Trump tweet storm questions Clinton, Podesta, praises surveillance reporting … 

now i get it 13 reasons why is that boring ass book i read like 6 years ago

"Earnest, honest men have walked around it, surveyed it, measured its strength, and have given up the dream of changing it.

Hey, we all have to have our downfalls, right? [My teeth sank into my lower lip as I finished speaking.] 

Auth [Mint] LOUIS VUITTON Montogueil PM Handbag w/Box Bag Lock Key (Used) 41834  

they got rid of the egg just to put this fucking tater tot in my face, i think not 

I'm never taking the metro to go see a dude who has a car. If he doesn't offer to come pick you up, he doesn't care about you, sis.

South Carolina win YES!! THANK YOU Mississippi State for shutting down UCONN!! Finally a NEW NCAA Women's... 

This NEW ARIANA GRANDE cover is AMAZING!!  #DangerousWomanTour #ArianaWeLoveAndAppreciateYou #4corners

What you need to know about #Alzheimer And #Dementia? - 1st of all they are not the same 

WRC: Kris Meeke holds early lead in Corsica - BBC Sport  

She was going like 40 in a 25 and I was in the middle of the road like obviously I was pissed.. never called her anything such  

Alicia Keys, Snoop Dogg, YG and T.I. Pay Tribute to Tupac at Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2017 Induction… 

Tonight I'm gonna walk into the bar and hijack the DJ booth w/ my 2 terabyte HDD full of the Touhou discography

The anime for bleach was trash. The manga was crazy as hell

Provide Comfort to an Injured Warrior with a One-Time Donation  #woundedwarriorproject 

[The Washington Times] - AP source: Lynch visits Raiders amid talk of comeback 

Lose to fucking morons cause my teammate isnt in the party untill it goes 4-4 never again with misery

The secret will come out soon. Aetolians, now remained quiet as possible, to reach such greatness. #RussiaGate

#24HSERIES | #964 #GRTGrasserRacingTeam leads after the first part of the Hankook 12H RED BULL RING >… 

This #job might be a great fit for you: Sr. Manager, Communications, Asia Pacific -  #BusinessMgmt #Veterans #Hiring

I forgot to fully appreciate that one week when winter colds were over and allergies had not yet begun, those rare double nostril days #DND

Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.

Quarter Day and Dime Day at the Spring Book Sale is this Sat. and Sun.!  

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

PREMIUM Tap, Snap, or Nap BJJ MMA Submission Fighting Tee  

Can’t wait for this one - Cabo Verdean legends Os Tubarões will perform at #AME2017 

It's about time that Dems come to their senses...OMG! Cher Just TURNED on The Dems Look What She Did for Trump Today 

stop trivalizing protests and use them to promote a fucking product 

That moment when you had a proper clean diet for breakfast n lunch today but then having a great big food for dinner, that regretful sigh  

Trade Group: IRS Wastes 22% Of Its Budget ($2.76 Billion) On Information Technology 

The first thing you should know is that you can not sell fanfiction or actually publish it as a book. The... 

#Velvet #EXID 엘리 #LE's solo!! (And it's Unqualified for broadcasting lol)  

I'm talking about a bunch of highlighters (including almost all of the glow kits) on my Snapchat and hinting a give… 

imagine you got engaged, in your bliss, you find a video of your fiance fucking a man when he was in college. how you gon act?

I'm so triggered why are strict parents so fucking annoying

35. are you beefin , coolin , or waiting for a bitch to act stupid ?

gettin fucked in eastchester gardens projects 

#energy Oculus virtual reality founder leaves Facebook: No word yet on what the founder of the Oculus firm plans to… 

#NowPlaying on 777 ROCKIN RADIO Dear Younger Me (Official Lyri by MercyMe #Listen 

Baekhyun won 'Most Popular Artist of Korea' Yixing won 'Best Male Artist' at 5th V-Chart Awards #5thVChartAwrds

Do you ever spend too much money thinking 'It's FINE' and then month-later-you is like 'WHAT WERE YOU THINKING.' #broke #brokeaf #forever

Interesting DAC approved proposal of procuring Barak Missile, counter mines equipment for ₹860 CR. No one wants to… 

Crazy Lesbian teven harde strapon neuken 

In times of trouble, may the Lord answer your cry. May the name of the God of Jacob keep you safe from all harm. Psalm 20:1

im already getting so disgusted thinking bout that shit thats going in my mouth

#Judge declines to suppress #Evidence in whiskey-theft #Case:  

#bloody pussy getting fucked sex teens school 

When u put woozi.joshua.vernonandjun together u just can hear they breath.they talk nothing.they too silent ~~  

We've done nothing to deserve this. Keep the rag in London until it finally goes belly up 

FC Dallas created better chances against Pachuca in Champions League series  

How to make Your WordPress Blog SEO Ready  #blogging #howto #seo #growthhacking 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ONE OF THE BEST PEOPLE I HAVE IN MY LIFE! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH EMMA HOPE TODAY IS THE BEST DAY EVER… 

Naughty America / Richelle Ryan – Fan Fucking Tastic VR  

seems like i always get the one fucked up cart at walmart

Parcel Sorters, Willenhall, Market related #job #jobs #hiring #LogisticsJobs 

i fucking hate when people pressure me to do things

Vintage Indian Dupatta Craft Fabric Used Dress Women Long Stole Beige Scarves  

That bitch crazy cause I woulda blocked you on Day 3   she then let it go on for 3 years   

I was feeling so depressed today and my friend be like "Will I be the first to receive the tapes?" She's such a sweet girl. #13ReasonsWhy

eugh! glad its #Friday too much #moscato #wine in the evening does not make for a nice feeling Harvey! why do they make it taste so good?!

6970's Youth Exchange students spent the weekend in Fernandina Beach and Amelia Island enjoying fellowship, a... 

she rocked his ass tbh I feel bad for bruh but s/o to who raised him 

sometimes i see a tweet that's just so goddamn stupid i lose my eyesight. twitter sucks. you all suck. i hate you.

"Zero is where everything starts! Nothing would ever be born if we didn't depart from there!" -Shinichi Kudo to Ran Mouri

me just doing the rounds of the worst peoples twitters, fiending for a fucked take

We'll be live with the Roundtable in about an hour. Join us and interact with the show using #VOLive 

I wanna be fucked ! Go to the link-  

I'm praying girl    This is serious, it's just ugh words can't describe, what world do we live in? Like what goes… 

thESE FUCKING DIGGERS ARE SHAKING THE HOUSE GO AWAY

teens getting fucked by machines #futurama porn sex 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

These white folks want Cravetay to be complacent because they don't expect black girls to question anything. Fuck y'all. #ThePopGame

I've I officially started counting the days till I'm done with school and get to be in Cancun enjoying this view agai… 

#NowPlaying What Is It That Tastes Like Gravy? by Duke Robillard

You may lose your sense of purpose, only to uncover a more mea... More for Sagittarius 

Families with suicidal children plead for overhaul of Manitoba's mental health system #mentalhealth #mbpoli 

I gotta buy an aircon... this weather is fucking bullshit

"The difference between impossible and possible lies in a person's determination." -Tommy Lasorda 

Whoever gets me a iced caramel macchiato from Starbucks and balloons for my bday will be real as fuck

HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! #Shyam . May your #birthday and every other day of your life be filled with more #health and… 

Hi..Linda Cox ..I teach Business Classes and assist with PD. I am from Los Angeles but today tweeting while on vaca… 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

I feel honored as a Carat because Chan chose to share this milestone with us   

Let's join hands and remember the moment when Ariana Grande licked a donut at a bakery and said, "I hate America."

A bit forgetful lately? It may be what you are NOT eating. Read the blog at  #energy… 

#girl fucking photo uk sex dating 

to those who are already lining up and will be their overnight pls ensure your safety!! keep an eye on your belongings as well

Q: How do you market to a million people? A: one at a time  

God Sara Ryder is a fucking gold mine of lulz. 

#NowPlaying Various Artists - (Wop-41) Mark Chapter 015   #gravody

ISIS: US 'being run by an idiot' 

Two slutty girlfriends Daniela and Trystan fucked on speedboat 

Antonio Giovinazzi gets another chance as Pascal Wehrlein will miss Chinese GP 

Try and play me like a lame a bitch any of that I'm cutting into that ass period bro

If you don't get up off yo ass, you ain gon fucking EAT!  

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

4. In 2010 Al-Akbar was the 1st recipient of advanced WikiLeaks material on the Lebanese Defense Minister colluding with Israel during 2006.

Join the conversation this #NPHW with the #NPHWchat on Twitter on April 5 at 2PM EST!  

I just watched a video with a crowd of white ppl shouting nigga and goin crazy to songs about black men killing each other and it made me so sad

Innovative China: China Can Innovate, But Many Say Only With Western Help – Terence Writing 

if i tell you something as my friend don't go running your fucking mouth

Lmfao are you fucking kidding me?? 

All the photographers in the city but y'all don't be taking pics of no scrippas lol 

Why is it that anime I hate get 500 new episodes movies spin-offs and shit but my fav anime are dead

...I don't like the idea that you were testing us, but if you're willing to help, then we'll welcome you.

When you tell someone that someone is coming and he asks how many followers he has #peoplewhothinktheymadeit 

I wanna fight people who victim-blame sexual assault victims. So so much. Stop me from beating yo ass.

Old school bullshitters are the best, they completely forget I have access to the world in my pocket. #internetera #gottodobetter

Everyone has different opinions about the people and things in china. But this one, the world loves  

me: so many people thirsty for blackwatch genji his face isn't even showing wtf also me: hatake kakashi is daddy   

Can't wait until I can talk to the teens at school with a desk in between us and then send them back home  

Do you know that The Lightest portable #hoist in the world #wheelchair Ideal for home use, #vacation #holiday.… 

Although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin... More for Capricorn 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I'll be fucking in California in just under a month now and I cannot fucking wait.

my aesthetic: having crushes on men who are a) fictional characters b) don't know I exist c) live at least 3,000 miles away

My kid asked how dinosaurs became extinct. I found an educational video. You're welcome. #dinosaurs #parenting 

So if Dash said you can play wit his cakes as much ... — I'd pass honestly, I'm so not into fisting lol 

5 Key investing lessons from the Mahabharata article by Motilal Oswal Financial Services  

2. i love museums but nobody likes going with me because i have to read everything and it takes me forever

ISIS Says U.S. 'Being Run By An Idiot' 

Want to suck some perky pussy and wank? it's the right time! Join Now!  

Nikki Sixx: 'Most of the Songs Are Written' for 'The Heroin Diaries' Play  

A leader is somebody refraining his followers from committing crimes and pushing them beyond their limits on the other side of crime, right?

you're only a true Downers Grove kid if you remember the giant totem pole lady in front of that house on fairview

Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. #mytanga #Premium #minimal #leather 

Update: Incident on #I278 EB from Bradley Avenue to Fingerboard Road; Verrazano Narrows Bridge 

I have a rising follower graph! 3 more followers in the past week. Get your stats right here 

When you just realize you brought everything for your camera BUT the damn lenses. Stupid blown

#honesttalk was there 30 minutes of music released in the 1990s better than Alice In Chains' Jar of Flies?

Deuteronomy 6:4, Psalm 83:18, John 17:3, Galatians 3:20 These scriptures show that there is only one God and no trinity

Bloody splicers sealed Johnny in before they... goddamn splicers!

2 ladies just told a guy to have a drink with them. His response: "I can't, I've got to get home and watch the country music awards."   

Hi Wes,could you tell us your babe Lucca is boy or girl？We always talk about this and we all think Lucca is lovely… 

Hate Being sexually Frustrated Like I wanna Fuck But ion wanna Just fuck anybody

#SRSRoot: TCL 5056D (Build: MMB29M release-keys) #Android 6.0.1 Now Supported for #Root at 

Too soon?   But you have to admit, never have the free parking, local restaurants and charming boutiques of the... 

Blood in the Water: The Attica Prison Uprising of 1971 and Its Legacy by Heather Ann Thompson 

Instagram stories will now be getting their own stories and then those stories will have their own lil babies stories

Not even.Their music goes straight to yrban and rnb radio they barely get pushed on pop radio. 

Going to be tough because of their closing schedule. Probably need to win out. Chicago has stumbled against bad tea… 

Do girls think guys flex muscles n stroke their cocks before taking pics Bc that's basically what pathetic girls do in every pic

Working at the mall be hella lit w these fine ass bitches and nice round asses and perfectly bounced breasts. I have no complaints

#MORMONS are married and buried in CULT garb whilst wearing veils or bakers hats and Demonic green aprons. #LDS #CULT

Event Sales Trainee: Amsterdam, 673, art'otel amsterdam We are looking for a…  #stages #hotel #stageplaats #stage

When the power goes out and you're in a room full of dead cats and you find out there was just an earthquake that you didn't feel :-----) oh

If cats looked like frogs we’d realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That’s what people remember.

i forgot how much boku no hero academia just like... fills my soul with happiness. i love this anime so much lmao

I'm not playing about my kids! don't touch a hair on they fucking head

Don't call my phone to ask me about a tweet like it clearly fucking said it "MY LOVER" nique polet face looks like an ass 

washingtonpost: Trump signs off on the Pentagon carrying out offensive strikes in Somalia 

shawty said she like duck head chicken face bitches

Barr 1 week against Chelsea and Hull in January, Mignolet has actually been very good this season. And even In the Chels game he saves a pen

Mistakes are not failures if you learn from it. Life presents us with many learning opportunities. Are you taking a… 

#MLS ExtraTime Radio: Jonathan Spector on Orlando, Larin | Manneh-Tchani deal 

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

Please read this. You can knock it out in one sitting. #legend #RIP #donrickles 

Learning Spanish will add emotion to elderly people’s lives:  

Fucked around and ran it up then I fucked around and lost it all

SPORT SCIENCE | #Cycling   ‍testing  #VO2max #lactate  #ResilienceDeliversResults 

preganant girls getting fucked 

30 million people in the US at risk of severe weather and extreme tornado events. 

We’ve made it to Wednesday! Treat yourself with a couple of our fun cake pops! They make a great office treat too! 

Niggas watch who you fucking just to hate on your bitches.

A wk after #Washington, #Paris said Bashar staying on was fine. Let’s see who will condemn the atrocity, be silent,… 

This is a 1983 submission to save America from being A NATION AT RISK to A NATION OF OPPORTUNITIES. One recommendat… 

You know when you wanna tag your friend in a meme but they've already been tagged by someone else     

Win $1600 in spring detox prizes from Tata Harper, Pursoma, Dirty Lemon and Kaia Naturals! 

Just vibe and stay in your own lane. Whats good for some people may not be good for you.....so just Vibe fam

COPIC Sketch R05 YR04 FY1 Marker Pen Multiliner Craft Art Manga Anime Drawing  

WHAT THE FUCK I HATE UNCLE GRANDPA WHY IS HE RUINING STEVEN UNIVERSE 

We are at a friend's 3 yr olds bday party. It's pajama and pancakes. I am frequenting the breakfast bar. I like this party... a lot...

NACGC/W Coach, Assistant and Gymnast of the Year all went to Michigan. #GoBlue 

ah why is brushing the hair so damn difficult and exhausting ;-; that's the worst part every morning

Berluti Livens Up Its Leather — With a Little Help from a Tattoo...  #HeathLedger 

I am so emotional rn i am so hapi bc i hav u now welcome to the fam, tripod. 

#Buzz Do Canadian tech companies sell too early?  via #Globalbuzzlive 

I met this fan last night names Clark who has terminal cancer and he is touring with the Chris Robinson brotherhood I love that

 | We buy real estate in any condition in North America. Contact us today. #realestate 

Mama June has superhero willpower. What a triumph in achieving a new perspective for herself, as she pleased. I admire her greatly.

59 tomahawk missile strikes on syrian Assad led govt force bases by the US is good but 9 civilians deaths by this is wat i hated..

Writing undergrad major -- and soon-to-be Pitt grad! -- Hannah Lynn has a great piece up at Queen Mob's Teahouse! 

49,750 Americans will be diagnosed with oral or throat cancer this year. Early detection and treatment= critical! 

Happy birthday, little Sofia, we love you very much and wish the best ever    #HappyBirthdaySofi #WishesForSofi 

i hate when you're really tired but you can't fall asleep so you're pretty much just staring into darkness

yall hoes are so biased it's disgusting 

Pr 13:9 NKJV The light of the righteous rejoices, But the lamp of the wicked will be put out. 

Omg y'all. My favorite number is 5. My boi JJ is on the cover of volume 5. Coincidence? Probably. but I'm still gon… 

When you raise your sister to be a comic nerd and she ends up working in a hemp/vape shop: 

I asked a 'friend' if they've planned their Halloween costume for this year yet and they suggested we do a joint co… 

Chocolate Baby Groot looks adorably delicious - CNET  

Dirty Cam Girl Plays With Her Tits And Ass 

In line with #PM Modi’s push, #Army gets new #software to enhance #cybersecurity  

The AWS investment in Sweden will strengthen our position in the global digital shift.  

gagging on cock and being sick 

.SenFeinstein .SenFeinstein: "Gorsuch's answers were so diluted with ambiguity, one could not see where he stood,… 

VIDEO : John Podesta Received $35 Milllion From Russia While Working for Hillary  

Can absolutely die. I don't say this a lot about characters but I would murder him given the chance. 

I got undressed and comfortable in bed just to get back dressed and go back outside lmaooooo   it's worth it though

haha u got something that isnt cansino u can send? jk ill listen 2 yr music rn for the first time and make a reacti… 

It feels so nice to know that if I don't smell lekker, I have true friends that will tell me I stink

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

Also made this boy bacon and eggs this morning. He picked up his fork and said "are the waffles still in the oven?". Ain't no damn waffles b

I wanna take a pole dancing class, but all I would do is try to climb all the way up and slide down over and over  

Barry Manilow 'out of surgery and doing well' but ordered not to 'talk, sing #BarryManilow #BarryManilow 

What are 4 Excuses #Authors Use For Not #Editing Their #Books?  

It's usually the people who've never had to lift a finger that complain the most. Entitled little bitches.

Ibn Abbas spent his childhood years in the company of the Prophet (pbuh) assisting him and learning from him. He became a scholar of Islam

Has your squad entered the #CapricornFmLineUp challenge yet? Go get them to enter but first, do you #KnowYouLyrics?… 

Kanpur man prevents bank robbery by spitting gutkha into the eyes of robbers, gets bravery award  #india

Thank you to #h_clothng for dressing me for husaini wedding. Felt very grown and happy lol     

All of this tweet is foolishness and if you agree w it you just as foolish. 

A San Francisco Couple's Classic Home Renovation  

The Mississippi State Women's basketball team should be very proud. Congrats on a great season and for beating #UConn

It's an all-too-familiar lesson for you Archers: more of a goo... More for Sagittarius 

#loves fucking teeniefiles pictures 

IN 1.5 WEEKS ILL LEAVE GAINESVILLE FOREVER AND I GET MY MFN DEGREE IN AUGUST!!!!! HELL YESSSSSSSS 

They boutta ruin one of the best cartoons with a remake these new style cartoons are fucking horrible 

myg is just always tired from staying up making music   he takes the advantage of the free time to go sleep which is during their breaks

Improve your concentration in balancing bound angle pose #yoga #onlineyoga #yogapose #boundangle 

Me and the people that are working with me are going to do big things in the long run...and that's a promise

UK Govt. Deports 23 Nigerians For Committing Immigration-related Offences  

Kendrick Lamar Wants To Make Nicki Minaj His Baby Momma After Hearing Her New Song!. 

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

Wtf did I fucking do ??? Everything is always my fucking fault ...

54: Thurston short kick goes into touch, Tigers scrum 10m from their own line NRL #RugbyLeague #NRLNqlWst #SANF

 Coupon for 20% Off Entire Order + Free Shipping on $99+ 

Bet365 Will DOUBLE Your 1st Deposit when You Open an Account Today Min £10, Max £200 Claim >… 

Citizen should have the powers to sue Govt officers for negligence/bad intent, then only this kind of power in Govt officers can work

MK Dons Boss Robbie Neilson Hails Leicester Youngster Harvey Barnes as 'Special Talent'  

#VentureBeat: Microsoft is killing Access Services for SharePoint Online in April 2018  by jordannovet lordcedric.c…

After seeing Civil War, fuck Captain America..he was the worst fuckin hero.

I know that I got it from negligence of my emotions, and weak minded indulgence in unhealthy food, cigs etc as a result of mental breakdowns

#KaatruVeliyidai releases in 6 days! Are you ready to sing #Azhagiye along with our #OfficerVC?… 

Quote I like: if you don't read the news you are uninformed. If you do read the news you are ill-informed. Will we ever see peace?  

Must...stay...awake. Reading up on the history of the city I'm looking at (from bed!) #Cincinnati #evgils17

U r the only one talking about data center in Texas! That's huge.. tweeter will be subpoena , all info there! Can… 

O'Cheeze is latest food truck to land brick-and-mortar skyway spot in downtown #stlouiscatering #bestcateringstlouis 

He got fucked up! #Wrestlemania 

OMG THE CIA OWNS STUPIDO, AADHAR WAS RIGHT.. no wait.. the other way round..but still omg 

Lot of niggas going bad on me, please one at a time. 

patriots jets I like watching Brady throw with his left arm. Really gives me the wiggles. patriots jets. Just need two more safeties.

Found a Transponder Snail! Famed Pirate Hunter captured! Exclusive shots!!  #TreCru 

Found a Transponder Snail! Davyback Fight!! Straw Hats vs. Foxy Pirates!  #TreCru 

Y'all I've been trying to scoop these cookies katie made for 10 now. Jenna is a blessing.    

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid pics from the Alubarna Palace Baths!  #TreCru 

sick douche lordt jock who never got stabbed smh 

i just found out tom clancy died in fucking 2013 and i didn’t know. thats insane

Why Nick Kyrgios should press for Lleyton Hewitt to be his coach #HeatherWatson #AndyMurray #NickKyrgios… 

Ohio tax credit authority approves three NE Ohio deals that would create a combined 455 jobs… 

One of the great examples of unisex is Punjabis name. Hamrinder mein kaur laga to female and singh laga do to male.   

There is some Pretty Pumped Folks in the Launch of the EAS so what they Excitements about  

Great to see all parties at meeting in Stroud to discuss options for investment in homes to rent to reduce local im… 

Inoa: Fewer people seem to be going abroad every year, which creates a housing problem. One solution is building a new residential house.

Stranger Fucks Real Bored Housewife 

Follow your heart, take a chance, and dare to dream! #LeapMovie, in theaters nationwide April 21! 

Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah… Our Redeemer Lives… Our Savior Saves…JESUS IS LORD! 

Dirty Sluts Get Horny For CFNM Stripper Cock 

Don’t listen to the #Jackasses masquerading as experts unless you want to lose all your #money 

Update:he can fucking choke I still hate him nao bc of my uncle 

That moment when you know that you are too fucked up, but still continue to keep doing it, just because.

Tell Your Legislators to Join the Convention of States Movement! SIGN THE PETITION!  

Putin believes US attack on Syria violates international law – spokesman — RT News 

If you knew that everyone you know was going to die tomorrow, who would you visit today? #ThoughtForTheDay

#StewpeedKwesion: Watch this and see if you can do better #comedy #funny #jokes Watch=>

Business groups try to quash federal equal pay project  

ANNUAL IMUA PADDLE RACE, SAT.,MAY 6TH  SUP,PRONE, OC1,OC2,OC6,SurfSki. Hydrofoil and Laser Cla… 

I'm a freshman in college just trying to grind and make it out in four years  

luxury blondie fucking into both holes 

bikini teens fucking movie horny 

It was terrible accident for me to forget my 3 CDs of Dio, Judas Preast, Iron Maden and Ozzy Osbourne today...   

Outside Sales Representative - (Banking/Financial Services/Business Development) - Cincinnati, OH, , USA #jobs… 

One of the best times to visit the Lauterbrunnen Valley is early spring. Warm sun starts to  

I love my job because today my boss ran outside and threw up bc he was so hungover so I know it's acceptable to do now

FREDDY PURLA Original Australian Aboriginal Art Dot Painting 30 x 30cm AWSFP2828  

And don't forget that comet of charisma, Fritz Mondale. Facing Trump and the FUCKING GOP and deciding that Hillz was u… 

You know full well what betrayal feels like. What you want to know is how to get beyond it, how to get your life... 

9. This worked well for Syria, but the same process would be an unmitigated disaster if applied to Iran or North Korea.

"Success in life comes when you simply refuse to give up, with goals so strong, that obstacles, failure and loss... 

I don't know why everyone continues to sleep on my guy!    Mr. Shake N Bake! 

You prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg... More for Libra 

Could a new Florida facilities funding plan cause some charter schools to receive less money? 

04-01 MYKONOS, GREECE - MAY 16: Aerial view of Mykonos town and... #mikrivigla  #mikrivigla

I get Maggie's mom is sick and all but she's being a bitch #greysanatomy #TearsOfGreys

Party bus going to LA live at this bar/bowling location anybody that's 21+ want to come with me tonight..

Congrats to the CPHS One Act Play for advancing to Regional! Great performance by the entire cast and crew!… 

And then I woke up and my pictures have gone viral!!! #Blessings #lissareneephotography #blackgirlmagic 

from no sby this month become 2 sby because of one idiotic a/c

Me: I'm eating healthy now My boss: I'm ordering pizza for lunch HOW DO YOU TURN DOWN PIZZA IM SORRY DIET

Also going to be binge eating Krispy Kreme doughnuts this weekend as it's only a month away from my fruits and veggies only lifestyle.

Blackmail: Quick and Easy. Making this entry so that I don't have to keep repeating myself over and over  #thoughts

Wow that was one of my favorite episodes of #twd that tiger tho   I know what animal I'm getting for the apocalypse #TheWalkingDead #amc

The amount of clueless cunts on here that want to disrespect players like Coutinho and Pogba. Both are proven world class. Don't hate.

I cant believe I received these makeup products for free on Influenster just because I reviewed different products… 

Would a Supreme x Louis Vuitton x adidas NMD be a dream collaboration!?  

10 Entrepreneurs Share the Worst Advice They Ever Received  

Looking for the right approach to get an influential person to review your book?  

I should have been a stripper who sells Molly out the club, fucking the weed man's lil brother, getting $867 a... 

Argh i hate people who always looks from sousenkyo always sousenkyo sousenkyo and sousenkyo   Damn

Is it illegal to take pictures of someone's iPhone chat and share it? via /r/legaladvice 

cosby girls would be the ones to start beefing on their finstas smh nobody wants to read your petty paragraphs

The people are getting their money's worth today. The men are stepping it up. Clean performances after another. #WorldFigure #helsinki2017

If they have a shitty or illogical way of thinking, they will always think that way. No matter how hard you try to get your point across.

Connerton was supposed to be a really big thing too, and we all know how that turned out. _Wesley Chapel is... 

Just got home and I can hear my neighbors arguing through my muffled sense of hearing like I HOPE YALL CHOKE ON SHIT CAUSE IM TIRED OF YALL

Imma start tweeting bout shit that happens at the gym. Cuz I be cracking up sometimes disgusted all by my self.

Recommend an air pump: Hi Can anyone help me which size air pump i need It to run a 145l… 

Wherein I ask "what about Breakfast at Tiffany's or a reasonable facsimile?" - we love our holiday themed episodes 

hot beautiful babes at    #nsfw #sexy #porn 

ik how drafting works. it's idiotic for people to suffer because yall wanted the fatass clementine. 

I love and hate my recently acquired terribleness of prioritizing. Pros: life is fun. Cons: fun life doesnt get shit done

#JanelaSpringBreak up at Midnight. Hopefully Janetty or Severn curtain jerks so I can get some sleep.

Flood Warning issued April 04 at 1:57PM CDT until April 08 at 10:30PM CDT by NWS 

This Nike Air More Uptempo White Black colorway as part of their Spring 2017 lineup. 

Working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate Scorpios... More for Scorpio 

A 'sci-fi' cancer therapy fights brain tumors, study finds - STAT  via Black Swan Intelligent Insight

#sex tv 365 fat hawaiian girl fucked 

I can't sleep, my dreams are keeping me 'woke   the blood of my ancestors was shed so i can live… 

Stop looking for reasons to be unhappy. Focus on the things you do have, and the reasons you should be happy.

#keepcalmitsherbirthday #Happy birthday! Blessed is this day that you were born. Rejoice and… 

In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. - Mother Teresa

everyone in the UK as well as UK immigrants overseas is a loser with #brexit but idiots like you haven't realised y… 

WHY IS EVERYONE JUST NOW GETTING INTO 13 REASONS that book was my shit in 7th grade!!! Pls go read the book it's wonderful

Now playing Nicky OMG! - Feelin U (clean) on  Make sure you vote for your favorite artist.

***RESCUE OF THE WEEK*** Blind Dog Rescue UK Lou has been in UK Foster for three months and is being assessed by... 

#Manchester bigboobs #mistress #nakedselfie whore fucking #companion #throat sexymom creampie 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Beat yo bitch pussy   up every time i see her like a bully   then send then send her Ot with the cookie  

Compassion comes from people who been through the worst of life, judgmental people are the ones who never been through shit

Join free and meet a local slut in your area. Try this now >>  

Seeing freshers posting in the new freshers group about what student accommodation they're in is makin me sad how tf is first yr nearly over

Every relationship has its problems. But what makes it perfect is when you still want to be there when everything sucks.

Blue Stripped Umbrella  #Etsy #VintageMn #RelixMpls #ExaggeratedTip 

Then, they're mad bc he saying "bitch". I personally hate the word bitch too and I've been trying to eliminate it from my vocabulary.

Damn I hate having to yell at my child but she's sooo bad

My next bf better screenshot my damn Snapchat pictures when I'm lookin fine as wine and brag about me.

Ivanka Trump is working in the White House while holding hundreds of millions in assets 

The UST Water Dept will be flushing fire hydrants throughout the Twp 4/30/17 - 5/12/17, from 11:00 PM to 6:00 AM 

If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there. - Lewis Carroll 

i still refuse to believe that brian eno ever fucked around with coldplay that was an imposter

Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot' 

Whangarei is growing and the new population cycles money into the local economy 

Whiskey In The Jar wins the 4:35 at Warwick for our Free Tips at odds of 3.50 #tips2win #t2wtips 

Although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin... More for Capricorn 

Dirty uncle teaches his niece all about riding dicks 

 Game 79: Capitals at Maple Leafs date, time, how to watch, game thread #DCnow

I BUILT A FUCKING PARFAIT AD HERE DONT DO THIS AGAIN

Just learned what the term WOAT means...Worst Of All Time in case you idiots didn't know

#Photo: #Rome Jewelry Store from Ford, Gittings and Kane Jewelers -  

My room is: CO2: 526ppm Pressure: 1022.44hPa Temperature: 22.68°C Humidity: 42.44% Luminosity: 292Lux 2017/04/04-12:52:26

Pollution forecast for tomorrow, Wednesday 5 April: 2 (Low) to 4 (Moderate), average 3 (Low) 

I'm not going to be one of those ppl who wish they did certain things! If I'm able and willing, it's getting done!

Sunny Lane Fantasizing about getting fucked 

As well it fucking should be. 

Guy Live-Tweets The Moments After His Roommate Murdered Her Boyfriend In Their Apartment  -

I wanna fucking kill the person who did this. 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

Dutch hooker fucked by tourists cock 

Understand why NASCAR wants to finish stages under green plus that a sprint to the end creates for great drama like we saw there. But...

I'd like to thank Redbull, Starbucks, Monster Energy and 5 Hour Energy for all you are about to do for me in the next two weeks.

YOU READ THAT RIGHT Syracuse pub tries to raise $500,000 for childhood cancer research  

Better to fight for something than live for nothing.- General Patton #Motivation #Focus #Selfdevelopment

Canon EOS 5D Mark MK III 22.3MP Digital SLR Camera - Black + Lenses + Extras  

Come by and Hang Out with us City Athletic Boxing 3701 Sammy Davis Jr Dr Las Vegas 10 am to 1 pm 

they've been through such a long way~ how I hope W can be like this too. Has acknowledgement, being love by so many ppl :))))

I tried capturing cute Dinah without too much blur, but couldn't. Realized you can't capture art in motion, it gott… 

I'm shocked. It was impossible to predict the guy that said he had proof Obama was born in Kenya would turn out to be a pathological liar.

i saw someone with r*t monster as their display name like no offense but r*t is a fucking racial slur and ur tryna make a meme out of it wyd

I wanna be fucked ! meet me here  

You're whistling while you work today, and it's almost as if y... More for Scorpio 

Review: Sniper Elite 4 (Xbox One) - Geeks Under Grace: Our intrepid one man wrecking ball takes the fight to the… 

Active HA, Most powerful nutritional joint and skin moisturizing supplements on the market. #healthcare #HealthForAll 

The three MAJOR political parties in NYC? The rats, the cockroaches, and the bed bugs. #NYC #raT #BUGS… 

Self-driving car startup Zoox takes safety road  # 

Imagine having an amazing best friend like essi who wants nothing but the best from you and is excited for something you've been planning

My right #shoulder is failing me, so I went with some #unilateral #training. If you have an… 

Everything seems to be falling into place today. However, ther... More for Taurus 

Part of the Fountain of Youth plan , is to sharpen and keep sharp your brain . Make sure to stock up on these... 

Mariah shares photos of her latest creation in her most recent blog post "Take Time to Smell the Wool Dust"... 

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

WHY DOES KENDALL FUCKING JENNER NEED A FUCKING APOLOGY????!!!!!!! 

Two types of people: Those who are structured and disciplined and those who are free spirited and flow through the cosmos

talking briefly about my struggle with depression, and what has been a huge help to me   

My brothers in the wild getting their own back on those that kill for "sport", decimating the wild #lion population… 

her: "how could i have ever fucked w this dumbass nigga?!" me: 

#filmthefangirls THIS SHIT WOULD BE INSANE. 

#Diabetes Natural Diabetes Treatment Works Better Than Prescription Drugs  

April fools is tomorrow and I don't wanna be fucked with

Sofia Staks Mega Tits Fucked By The Rocks 

Baby's all good Moving somewhere in the West Indies Darion is doing just as fine The whole family is FULL All thanks to God #imshouting

#Britain does not need the House of Lords; abolish them and proceed with Brexit 

Ebony babe marie Luv gets fucked up the ass 

Literally made me miss my fucking senior picture, and some didn't even want to take the picture BUT I DID

Schools waste insidious amounts of food. 'Share Tables' idea Fights Hunger, Food Waste -  

Have you ever wondered if there is an alternate universe where it is not, in fact, a Chick-fil-A employee's pleasure?

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

DETROIT LIONS BARRY SANDERS #20 BLUE THROWBACK JERSEY AUTHENTIC SEWN NWT -  

Spicer Trump "believes that Mike Flynn should go testify"...  

Y'all crying because you not sexing niggas you like... Y'all sexing cause y'all was hungry and you finally owe

We offer Residential and Commercial Energy Solution. Dealer Services in the Solar Energy sector too!

Currently#1 on Beatport Hardcore/Hard Techno charts.My track on this major compiliation  … … …. #hardtechno #techno

Gloryhole fucking lesbians eating pussy >>  << 

Makarios Community School 2017 Summer Camp! via /r/camping  #hammock #hammocker #backpacking 

Sorry everyone! I meant to tweet earlier that this has been a week of big dreams coming to fruition.

Listen to PPE (Prod. No Average Joe) by IAmNoAverageJoe #np on #SoundCloud shoutout PPE 

Love stories are never about how easy it can be, it's all about the difficulties you'll go through to make it work 

Waiting for this album to drop like... #BurnThisBridge 2 days! 2 Fucking Days! #newmusic #nowplaying 

Closed due to accident in #WheatRidge on Wadsworth Blvd NB between W 38th Ave and CR-58, stopped traffic back to W 38th Ave #COtraffic

He comes home with tea and dinner... And now it's cuddles time. I freaking love this man, sooo so much!   — feeling loved

If you fucking disappear the Friend Base will find you! Don't you dare!!!! 

I’m not here to waste my time – Ibrahimovic tells Manchester United - Daily Post NewsPaper -  

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

oops, i did it again ! just watched S02E03 of DC's Legends of Tomo...! 4 mois 20 jour...  

Clay's mom is annoying and Hannah's Dad is an asshole

When your brother apologizes lmaoo you're a fucking sharmuta

YES!! This is my fear -- that he'll try to bomb his way to better poll numbers. #resist 

Why dont u take your bogus fucking charges and stick them up your ass. .like u stuck a chip to track me up my ass...why do u care what i do?

Engage are delighted to announce we have partnered up with Unwired for the Technology and Trends breakfast briefing 

If you need to #startover then do it! Nobody is perfect and we all need to #learn #grow and #develop We're human 

If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss Bank. ― Woody Allen

after all the sacrifices and chances taken I still kept pushing knowing there would be brighter days

I remember punching this bunny in the face and smashing it bc I hated the fuckboy who gave it to me. 

Thank you, Linda Hennessey and the Toole family, for giving to my DFMC. We have raised $15,375 for cancer research! 

Is the US waging a bloody trade war in Latin America?  by MariaBelen_Fdez 

reply to this tweet if youre a fucking cunt! #bbcqt

Finally learning about something interesting in biology- Evolution. Funny seeing students argue with the teacher, this is too controversial.

176 users and 181 tweets (107 RTs) in 1 week made #declineandfall a Trending Topic in United Kingdom. #trndnl

I can't get myself to do fucking anything and I hate it

Appreciate things/someone in our life are difficult I guess. Cause mostly we're appreciate them after its gone. Always   

I admit, I get jealous. But it's only because I care, and I don't want anyone else to ever find out how amazing you really are.

Why do I always miss the chance? Is this really destiny pretending to be a coincidence? Well, I ain't fooled.

HE IS THE FUCKING REASON WHY KD WANTED TO LEA-nvm 

eBay: Broom Gemini Speedboat and Trailer  #boatsales #boats 

Hot New Music!: #NEWMUSIC “Hunchos" B.ROD X SPIFFY Prod. Dolla  on #SoundCloud

Maryland's Sanctuary State bill is defeated - it was withdrawn today! #keepmarylandsafe 

As Christians, we share a lot with a flashlight. #PJNET #CCOT #EMPOWER #Devotional 

Bible Verses About the Personhood of the Holy Spirit  #PersonhoodoftheHolySpirit #BibleVerses 

That's fucked up! They must like #RoofTops!! #SWRM 

Muzaffarnagar: 70 girls made to strip by school principal to check menstrual blood  

It's hard to sit still and do nothing today, making it extreme... More for Gemini 

Analysis Shows Some Minority Neighborhoods Pay Higher Car Insurance Premiums Than White Areas With the Same... 

Let's stop using that word in stupid, ignorant and derogatory ways. It's use implied subhuman status.

I didn't die in my sleep, how fucking annoying.          

#AprilFools bitch, You're a fuckin faggit Wasting your pathetic life Reading my tweets Because I convinced you To give me your soul, fool.

It's Member Of The Month time again! A huge well done to Maria Tickle who's our winner in March.Maria's won herself… 

To pose, perpetuate, Confront, or confirm Each day We swing the gate Of opportunity Or lay a brick and build the wall. Who are you to we?

They knew the were screwing over people but didn't care because the government would bail them out anyways. I've lost faith in the system.

When you received copies of your younger brother's embarrassing photos when he was forced to join a pageant 

A Balloon Ride to Space: Float 100,000 feet above Earth into the stratosphere  via… 

You're the happiest when you are free to flit from one activit... More for Gemini 

Title: ORGANIZATIONAL MANAGEMENT+LEAD  #spiral-bound #brand:synergisticsinternational,inc. 

Sick of seeing liberalism/conservatism is cancer. No, extremism on both sides is cancer and ur incompetence at realizing this is disgusting

hidekazu tanaka was perfect announcer for Inokiism NJPW bc his cadence conveyed feeling of everything being unforgiving and soul-crushing

It don't matter girls, we got our arms open for you when y'all get back. Prays for the safe travel of our warriors back home. #HailState

After spending time with Roshi and Levi this family couldn't decide who to adopt, so they chose both! We are... 

I just said that in the tweet stupid ass 

cum fucking in soccer socks 

The flaw in this argument is, if Putin wants #Brexit, why are all the Putin bots flooding twitter with anti-Brexit… 

I'm willing to bet that a pitcher named Michael will start the third game of the season. Any takers?

New range! All natural ingredients and every delicious purchase helps to fight #foodpoverty. Available for wholesal… 

Seriously!? My son is upset with me because I don't know how to tie a tie. I'm a girl! I don't wear ties.

Scammers never step forward and volunteer to help their victims or pay back their fees/commissions. Break the mould… 

anujsx75 Thanks for sharing the details. However, we would request you to delete the same and DM us for privacy purposes. - Kevin

I do hate how expensive bus tickets are with a burning passion, I don't even understand why the hell they're so pricy?!

#Goldberg will retain the Universal Championship at #WrestleMania. Who do you think will win? 

The Butterfly Effect: Will the winds of change hit US oil policy?  

Years of Obama and Clinton and now we hear from ethics lawyer - ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!?!?! 

WTH! SHTF? NBC Nightly News Broadcasts "It Could Easily Happen as Early as Tonight" North Korea Threatens US (Video) 

US launches missile strike on Syrian military airfield in response to chemical weapons attack on civilian… 

#Newham residents have until 20:17 on Sunday 9 April to apply for these discounted Newham Weekender tickets.… 

Your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push... More for Leo 

"Grades don't matter when you're in the fucking kitchen"

#CharityTuesday - love supporting this great local #charity Action against #homelessness 

The good-naturedandheartful TG who were proud of selling not their bodies but their skills,were immensely popular as a symbol of the spirit ED

Although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin... More for Capricorn 

When I get sad I get like a stupid amount of sad and it just fucks everything up for a while

#WallofSport News: Lazio flying under the radar in bid to gatecrash Champions League places 

if you cant handle me at my worst then you probably cant handle me at all because im a fuckin nightmare 24/7!

Mourinho looking forward to summer transfer window  #football #sport #antoinegriezmann

i feel like i've been asleep the whole week  i've been so tired and like have had this not-awake feeling  

Explosion Launches 1.5-Ton Boiler 500 Feet, Killing 3  

California, Michigan, Minnesota and Georgia all made it to Phoenix. #finalfour #ncaabasketball 

A thread i can fucking relate 

New Group Exercise Class timetable launches today - pick up your copy at one of the centres or download from our... 

I can't tell you how many times I've been asked if I speak Spanish and if I am Dominican while I'm Punta this week 

upright as I heard a familiar female voice.~ Oh Jesus, Mary and Joseph! ~I jumped out of bed in a blur and pulled on a pair of jeans and -

I tell you what, I've known her for 7 fucking years and even though I appreciate her, I fucking hate her

Cool Draw images -  few nice draw images I found: Drawing Image by Antoniowill87 my ... 

It's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today... More for Aries 

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

Great plan. I can't believe nobody ever thought of that before. We'll just fix all the problems and then they'll be… 

Complete 1981 MOTU Masters of the Universe He-Man and Battle Cat Figures  

Spanish third-division club Eldense quits season after 12-0 loss to Barca B  

#Trending #News Able-Bodied Young Men Caught Vandalizing A Borehole In Delta State (Photo)  #PhCity #Nigeria

VeronicaSweetheart: Sex, bitches, blowjob, suck, chest, fuck hard, fetish, beauty, lips… 

Don't wait for something to inspire you before changing your actions so you can strip off the fat - excerpt from #pfl90

I hope I didn't drunk text anyone anything I wasn't supposed to... Guess I'll find out whenever I find my phone

I'll give you a hint, watch your behavior over the last two years. That's being complicit. 

1825 Capped Bust Half Dollar 50C - PCGS XF45 (EF45) - Rare Certified Coin!  

Last week traveled from Katpadi to Dadar. A/c Waiting room at Katpadi was very neat and clean. Felt very good.

What is something you don't like about a subreddit? #QandA #REDDIT #ASKREDDIT #QUESTIONS 

Us on our wedding day   #wedding #weddingphotography #weddingceremony #baliwedding… 

A 500L Of The Covenant University Student Dies In School Hospital  

I hate when I think I'm hungry so I heat up some food and then I get to eating it and I don't fucking want it anymore. Wtf.

Damn niggas was comparing this season to the farm which is really bad 

This is a great step forward for #EqualPay and equality in the workplace.  What do you think?

I'll take this over Gary Vee "stop complaining" diatribes any day of the week. 

They all do it. I do t like it. It's what politicians do. Cameron and Osbourne lied endlessly. 

South Africa's parliament speaker says to consider opposition request for Zuma no-confidence vote 

He made my childhood and it's heartbreaking to see him retire #ThankYouTaker 

I have a cute boy at my place! #IamADeath iOS： Android： 

Check out this video that Ian Stiver at Aerial Unmanned Imaging Solutions did for the store featuring our grand... 

If anyone has a server if I have owner ship I will record on it 12/6 Ill get Website makers and Lots of players

Feel like loading 40 put it to a nigga head, blow out the bad stories

Turns out that's a hard skill to practice (or even remember) after letting it atrophy for decades. But I'm ready now.

MY MAN REPLACED ME TO A WHORE B*TCH EVIL TROUBLEMAKER W/ A FAKE BOOBS SIZE D CUP and W/ TATTOOS AROUND HER BODY..  … 

You might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie... More for Cancer 

Shenorai attempts a DC 5 Charisma (Intimidation) check against a gibbering monkey. She rolls a 17. What happens next? #dnd

You don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a ... More for Capricorn 

i just use music to free my mind to have that feeling the passion it gives it's something i don't think i will ever stop doing

＠NiallOfficial Niall since you're in a good mood would you follow me? its my life goal ? Niall please? I love you so much  

#rtsp porn son fucking her mom 

I hate one of my followers before y'all assume Issa nigga  

this is the luckiest dude in the world fucking the ladies 

So blacks ban the whites from attending black lives matter gatherings and supporting them because it's a blacks only group?Sound familiar??

I don't understand how people can be so angry all the time. It hurts my heart tbh. I just wish everyone would let go, and move forward.

Last night was such a blessing   . I can't wait to see you all at next weeks meeting ?? #tamuc 

In 3 hour I will be live with my Autism Awareness Stream. Do remember I am not an expert on this subject, but care deeply about it. <3

There are many places where you can buy hardwood flooring. One of the places is in your local stores. You should vi 

The Dog Men (ya) ages 9-12  #author #books #website #youth 

Months and months of Trump supporters being assaulted, harrassed and labelled for what? For George Bush 2.0? I am… 

and its their fucking fault if they cant deal with it not mine

#BREAKING | Woman molested in a bar in Kolkata's Park Street area; Woman groped, beaten up by 4 men; FIR filed, 4 accused still free

Today's the day..should be the last court date for a few months atleast.hope to come out with minimal fines fees and able to drive ..17'n 

Refuse to worry about your health. It is a powerful vaccination against illness. Your right… 

How about this for a lesson in #ergonomics / human interaction / #humanfactors. #HowNotToDoIt 

I still be waiting for you mad ass bitches to shake some   

Happy Anniversary babe~!!    Thanks for being together with me through this up and down journey OuO. I'm foreve… 

Idek why I acknowledge that broke hoe    ...sha-bye Even on my worst days bitch I'm still cuter than u

Telling potential artists that you have a pretty sizeable budget for commissions is both good and bad.

im so shook when grayson was imitating ethan, he LOOKED LIKE ETHAN WTF #DolanTwinNewVideo 

University Research Teams to Study Potential Aeronautical Innovations via NASA 

How can you have the audacity to charge tv licenses, yet give these loathsome idiots a voice? Appalling. 

In 2016 we had an amazing pre-launch trial of My Ebony Girl.... and now it is almost time to let… 

— ✿ gypsophila ✿ (baby's breath) represents innocence, self discipline and fidelity #wooseok #우석 

Techcrunch"Microsoft’s Surface Pro 5 said to move to Intel Kaby Lake processors"  #Technology

when ur about to take a bomb ass selfie and ur phone dies :'(

fucking doggystyle standing 

That's a mindset that's going to take some time to shift, w lots of work from Marvel if they really wanna change their image #ComicBookHour

claudia got this marshmallow scented shower wash yesterday and it smells like fucking sweet-shop ecstasy i stg

If you want to keep your followers engaged and also save time throughout your day, RoundTeam is a great solution. 

Keep your eyes peeled. Our new website is coming soon and we’re excited!   In the meantime… 

Because of the Lord ’s great love we are not consumed, for his compassions never fail. They are new e… 

Apple CEO Tim Cook Speaks on Diversity and Inclusion at Auburn University  

Someone I love very much almost didn't come home today. Please Please ALWAYS wear your seat belt. It saved my niece… 

Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 2016 SM-T819 White (FACTORY UNLOCKED) Wi-Fi + 4G 32GB  

People say “go big or go home” as if going home is a bad thing. Like hell yeah I’ll go home… I can nap... 

I fucking hate humans sometimes 

MFW it's Spring and it's snowing outside...    #mfw #spring #snow #makeupyourmind… 

Letter carrier encounters the insane kitty from hell (Video):  

And isn't it worse for it to be called cosplay? We don't like it when people use our races as costumes, and isn't cosplay about costumes?

UPI: According to Post-Bombing Aerial Reconnaissance Photos, Syrian Airbase Now Resembles Left Side of Steve Bannon's Face #SyriaStrikes

Republicans Are About To Sell Your Browser History. Here's How To Protect Yourself. - The Huffington Post 

Check out GJTalent Christian Stolte and Peter Goldsmith on Chicago Fire tonight at 9pm on NBC #GJTalent #NBC... 

You're more interested in the act of creation today than you a... More for Gemini 

Trump’s son-in-law in Baghdad to convey ‘commitment, support’ for Iraqi gov’t [Rûdaw] 

Lifehacker: "When Is The Exact Right Time to Pull a Michael Flynn and Flip on Your Colleagues?" 

Lobo lineman maintains his Native American heritage  #INDIGENOUS #TAIRP 

OpenTable is in San Francisco, its CTO is in Los Angeles and here's why that works 

all these streaming services and not a single one has new york undercover? im canceling all my subscriptions

Everything I've heard from bios is that setting biological metrics for entire ecosystems is really, really hard and uncertain.

Bob beat me to it but fucking Christ 

when.......................................................................................and pls yes    

timeline behaviour we've seen up until this point. if you can all refrain from hiding in dms or overusing third party sites, it'd make all

Gorsuch follows the freakin laws. If u didn't like his decisions, don't blame him liberal morons, change the freakin law dumbasses

The infamous fog of northern Italy, la nebbia, also names its native son and Noble Grape,… 

I'm not playing you in 8ball if you ugly because I'm not giving you my damn number.

Repeat after me, I am who I am. I love myself. I will not judge myself. I am who I am. Keep repeating until you feel 

Any rationale that Bashar Ul Asad can chemical bombs it's own people. #Syria 

When the professor hands back papers and everybody got A's and B's and you and the only other black guy in class go… 

Chavez weekend: drunk/high from sunset to sunrise, daddys everywhere, A1 weather, lots of Ls I would say it was a dope ass weekend  

This video could be terrible and my weave would still be snatched 

Then It's like she was a crush and I didn't everything In my power to get you to be my girl why would I fucked that up over a random  ‍ ?

Lor Scoota would have killed that Kodak black - tunnel vision, on god I know he would have bodied it, I can hear his voice in my head   ‍

How do you embrace making and creating in spring? #MrsMeyersCrowd #sponsored 

also the context of this is just, Fucking Horrible

#abalone friends and more in the #touchtanks in the #marinelab at California State University, Long Beach Thanks... 

Everyone needs to go vote for these, we can't let 2001 win this whole thing...for the love of god!! 

i wouldn't even put myself in that predicament. you bitches retarded.

Judge Declares That Kesha Should've Known Dr. Luke Was Going to Rape and Abuse Her, Rejects Her Lawsuit 

bc these bitches really miserable and scary asf  

Be very strong in your life if you want to be a champion. #ThinkBIGSundayWithMarsha #GainWithXtianDela 

thinks about how angela put a recently revived genji in That outfit that blatantly exposes his chest and arms

You sayyy you hate me but you stalk my page, you fucking hypocrite 

Nasty tranny show off her asshole then got her ass drilled 

Dad arrested after boy, 13, dies of suspected heroin overdose  

Sorry i like talking to you. Didnt know that was a fucking crime

IDK just, it should not be that hard to relate to characters that have different preferences or experiences than yours, it really shouldn't

Avocados aren’t just for eating, you can have fun with them too! Check out our activities #AFMsweepstakes -… 

- Vegetable Oi! - You're a moron? Vegetable OIL, motherfucker

You was never needed on tavon dont get that fucked up

if you hit a dog and don't even stop you're fucked up.

The base didn't vote for Ivanka or Kushner's politics. Why in the hell are there liberal activists inside a Republican whitehouse?

friend: *sings* it's beginning to look a lot like christmas me: bitch its fucking march friend: BITCH IT FUCKING BEGINNING TO LOOK LIKE C-

tomorrow, road/path, hip hop lover, ynwa: a supplementary story, 24/7, spring day 

HEY YOU! Just in case it slipped your mind- today's a good day cause today you are you and that's enough. RT to spread the  ! #YouWillBeFound

Distractions will do you in, in the truest sense. Especially people that want to lecture me,And frame it like they want the best for me

Yo nigga always fucking choose ! 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

What I find crazy is here they don't sell liquor in the grocery stores. If you want a bottle you have to go to the ABC store to get it

Veronica Sentongo, our Head of Digital Banking is on the #Finnovation panel to share about registration and utilisa… 

Arkham Knight: After investigation it turns out the Scarecrow is manufacturing his toxin at Ace Chemicals. ... .. . Of course he is!

New landmark created! Discover interesting places around:  

Things established on Twitter today: everyone's taste in Philip Roth is achingly singular, day drinking good.

nato was my cutest mutual, now it's you — haha fuck u wokescumbag im takin all ur biches!!! 

“But there are certain meanings that are lost forever the moment they are explained in words.” ― Haruki Murakami

am i a narcissist? yes do i hate myself? also yes it's called multitasking bitch look it up

I be likin a guy and then he'll say or do somethin that flips the switch n I immediately stop crushin 

105 Cameras Were Given To The Homeless In London. These Are The Photos They Captured. 

The first 2-3 scholarships for study abroad that I'm reviewing/grading started out strong but it has been all down hill since then..

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

Blasphemy....don't you dare compare the death of innocent men women an children to anything..lots of children died… 

LIVE in 20 MINUTES! adidas NMD_XR1 PK Striped UK  FR  DE… 

As much as we love avocados, it can be toxic for our pets. No guac for them means more for you! #AFMsweepstakes -… 

New Deal and New Music for the Old Crow Medicine Show band - Columbia Records Nashville has announce the signin... 

So this white boy pulled a billy Hoyle at the gym today... Only this ain't the 90s so he almost got his ass beat... 

Does pigment determine character now? MLK is rolling over in his fucking grave..... 

Instagram = vain. Snapchat = needy. Twitter = gossip. Facebook = dinosaur. Your most used determines u. Yep sounds about right!

So goddamn sick of seeing him called decisive or Presidential because he followed instructions without even understanding what it meant.

New awareness presentation on Rape Culture! Just in time for SAAM! #WCSAPWednesday 

Communication with family members and friends may seem constra... More for Libra 

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

BREAKING: Senate Dems blocked #NeilGorsuch's confirmation for #SCOTUS Justice. The vote was at 55-45 #SCOTUSnominee

It's hard to sit still and do nothing today, making it extreme... More for Gemini 

Though bball refs spend epochs at monitors, this is the stupid espn headline. Refs always villains. Don't think rep… 

This guy gon comment on one of my Ig pics saying "lol I remember when I met u at yo job in Palmdale" ?? I've never worked out there lmao

Jordan Zimmermann helps Detroit Tigers shut out New York Yankees...  #DetroitTigers

#HardyBoyz return and Cena proposal to Nikki Bella were great moments. #Undertaker forever! His legacy will never REST IN PEACE! #WrestleMania

Orlando took a called third strike. Cuthbert took a walk. Escobar struck out. They are bringing in a new pitcher

Get #funding and save #accountancy fees with #Capitalise  

|Beautiful photos of woman gunned down by trigger-happy policeman chasing a 'yahoo boy' in Lagos 

Most young people say gov't should pay for health care, poll says  

so fucking weakkk, Sherrek was just rambling on my snap   

Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results Completed the migration of Jerrick's entir… 

Jeffrey Donaldson talking about IS throwing gays off roofs. Funny how his party doesn't recognise gays as equal in Northern Ireland??????.

Amazon catches NFL games for a cool $50 million (The 3:59, Ep. 205) - CNET  #Tech 

Western Civilization is worth saving. We owe it to our ancestors and our future children. 

LEAVE THE FUCKING BUILDING 

#nowPlaying Midnight Star - No Parking On The Dance Floor on #jammin105 #listenlive 

Things to know during Market correction an article from Motilal Oswal Financial Services  

Holy Balls....LIBERALS ARE THE BIGGEST F'ing idiots ever!!! #tucker #tuckercarlson Russia Russia Russia

When your non-rugby friends try to make plans with you on a Saturday  #SaturdayIsGameDay 

Republic of Ireland women's football team threaten strike over FAI treatment 

It is really #nofilter. 5°F -15°C southern Swiss Alps #speckundme  Thank you #tarptent for p… 

i want 2 go 2 the kitchen and snatch some donuts from d fridge but im afraid i might wake them im so gutom n its 1 am ya feel me hekkkkkk

I really hate how stupid UNF is all the fucking time :-))

I'm confused, are these the same "beautiful children" that you refuse to let into this country? 

Brand new energy efficient home ready for move (Rancho Mission Viejo) $508089 

Join THE SOUTH STREET MISSION INC this, Friday Night for Youth Night!!! Delicious Food, Fun… 

IRS Data Retrieval Shutdown Makes Student Applications for College Aid Difficult  

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! Let's have a chat -  

#Snapchat #Reddit #Spectacles #Livebroadcasting 25 [m4f] extremely hungover irish dude looking for fun girls r/sna… 

NOMINATE in the Cotswolds Wedding Awards and for everything that’s great in the Cotswolds:  

possession; for it is not permitted us to desire these things which it is altogether unlawful to possess.

whatever man, milk-shame me all u want but my calcium levels are off the fucking charts so call me in 50 years

Traveling to Agbor in Delta state, Nigeria for Art Of Loving " Youth Leadership Training Program" — traveling to Banin

Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Receives Largest Donation - U.S. News and World Report 

Join us every Wednesday, at 10am, and Saturday, at 11am, for #BNStorytime as we read a new book every week! Every... 

O | #Natives : Mothers who are so glued to phones they ignore kids - Being a role model is very important for a… 

Happy birthday to me!   Can't wait to try out these amazing products! Reviews will be posted once I start my YouTub… 

1992 was "The Year of the Woman." Here's a look at some ups and downs for women during the 25 years since then.… 

#LaserHairRemoval for permanently smooth skin! Free Consultation 781-599-0666 

My economics professor just called these asians retards    

Senate set for pivotal vote on Supreme Court nominee -  

#Oil jumped to 1 month high prices rose about 2% in the current session after #Trump air strikes against #Syria… 

You really don't have to DM a guy first, as a woman you just have to hit him with a few "my DMs are open" like tweets and he'll follow suit

See shazzy shankill the dirty smelly bastard I'm gonna bot her around the place someone tell me were she lives or her number now

There are lots of things to do around the house and you can't ... More for Pisces 

It's an all-too-familiar lesson for you Archers: more of a goo... More for Sagittarius 

I finally had the energy to go to Target today! But realized when I got back to my car that I forgot Kleenex and was too tired to go back in. 

#To those who have experienced LSD more than once, what was your best trip like? What was your worst trip like?  

Ahaha the video is freaking hilarious with people laughing in the background. XD 

You an imbecile: Making a small farming community Me, an intellectual: Getting high on cow shit and raiding small communities

VodafoneIN: satish6389 We'll inform the respective team and make sure that your issue has been solved soon. - Rahul

If you go to an island.. you don't just go to the beach. That's fine too, But what's important is seeing the people, the culture and lifestyle

I found a cool place to download music, videos, video songs and more. Try it! 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I would have killed to not wear three layers of foundation and uncomfortably revealing costumes just to dance, we weren't mini adults

Editorial: Our Superintendents Will Have To Make Bold, Unpopular Moves (pls RT↺) ️️ 

Time to change my fucking layout bitch 

If you never take the first step you will never achieve greatness. Work on yourself harder than you work on your... 

.To become truly great, one has to stand with people, not above them. — Charles de Montesquieu… 

11 Reasons Why Twitter Is a Great Starting Point to Grow a Social Audience  

its so bad.,. the texture is disgusting,,,, it looks gross and it tastes like its from the 13th level of hell

#Eye Opener: Praise and denunciation for Syria attack  

Outlawed. So this means that Israel, categorically, has NO chem weapons at all. NONE. ZERO. NADA. 

AURORA   on her Instagram, in countryside of England for a few days.  Thanks to Nic, Cara, Iz and Nina. 

It's always a good weekend when the team is back in Athens. Can't wait for the games! If you can't make it tune int… 

"I miss you in the ways I can feel but have no way to truly explain. Ways that are uncontrollable by reason and logic."

I feel like I just met someone I can fall in love with..... I don't wanna run away from this feeling

Do you have this internal struggle with yourself like I do? Watch this and reply to let me know:  #unconscious

I just sit in these flames and pray that you come back, close my eyes tightly, hold on and hope that I'm dreaming, come wake me up

I'm PISSED Pottermore sorted me into Gryffindor. Boring ass. Ravenclaw>Gryffindor. And my patronus is a Magpie. A fucking Magpie. FML.  

BBC News - Education Authority postpones closure of County Down outdoor education centre 

 Luke Bryan Swoons At The ACMs With A Gorgeous Performance Of ‘Fast’  

Best feeling when someone DM's me actually fuckin with My music and don't ask for anything, just shows appreciation for My music  

Magnifying my praise of Allaah ta'ala! — feeling blessed at St Josephs Senior LP 

LeBron is doing it all for Cavs almost by himself, which is so usual to see LOL. Celtics are so bad at scoring in this game.

 ; obv you chose a bee bc that's the thing that goes with me where i go hehe;) bahebek awyyyyy and im so happy you're here now yalahwy   

literally ever since I started stanning bts and learning Korean my "friends" have been making fun of me , like can I do anything w/o getting

Our cars are responsible - and so are their prices. #SpecialOffers  

Did Tboss say she's fucking trying to get this money? I thought she didn't need it  

CYKA BLYAT BLYAT TUPAC ISNT DEAD suicide retards SoaR Noodle

Is #diversity to blame for #Marvel's sales slump – or just a lack of imagination?  #AmReading 

In past 24 hrs jurors have told judge 3 times they are hung in murder trial of Fresno gang member Jerel Stanfield. Judge might call mistrial

"Basic white girls and their horned eyeliner.  " "You mean winged eyeliner." "WELL, THEY LOOK LIKE HORNS!!!" 

ARSENAL vs MAN CITY COMPARED ODDS TOP BOOKIES GREAT OFFERS CLUB STATS AND RECOMMENDED BET bestbet4u=… 

Missing pieces: What Microsoft failed to deliver in the Windows 10 Creators Update - PCWorld 

Trump believe he's the gatekeeper of all ppl Build walls andshame PPL.HE'LL FALL HARDand BE SHAMED BEFORE THE WORLD.HE WILL BE REMEMBERED A LIER

I used to do this bc no one fucked with me    

you don't fuck with bestfriends thats just nasty  

If you're a MARSOC Marine, your father was a good communist sympathizer and your motto came from Maoist communists… 

Since being in a relationship, I don't think one day has passed where she hasn't uttered the phrase, "What is wrong with you?"

Vibrant Pittsburgh | HireUS Program: Internship Prep Opportunities!  

niggas are so annoying.. once they get a girlfriend they just up and stop talking to all girl friends they have??? cause their girl says so

Usually a yardstick to check if anti Assad news is true or not is Leith would be unusually quiet or just say he doesn't have much info

I like this article. What's wrong with being mostly mediocre + the occasional success? #ThatsBasicallyHowLifeWorks 

Welp, here we go. 1st John John, Then Prez, Now Ave's getting the Thief Title for a while 

Fuck all these old ass, close minded, driving 10 under the speed limit, catch an attitude cause they don't understand how shit works,

The #myBoro Season Card campaign has been on the road this month, have you seen it?   ️   

Mom Shares Intimate Photo Online To Warn People Of Invisible Cancer Symptom. THIS Could Save Lives! 

PHOTOS: Storms move through north Georgia, metro Atlanta:  

Keep your followers engaged. Share quality content, even while you are away from Twitter. 

She was a bad girl and he fucks her 

Daily Victory Christian Life WordOnPhoto Series! Jesus Christ Loves The Church At Home… 

ROBIN YOUNT 1987 SPORTFLICS #16 Card PSA 10 GEM MT Brewers 3-D Motion HOF  

17" Lodge arrived today - It's Huge! Banana for scale. via /r/castiron  

im really sad ryans mom fucking hates me bc im not a korean/american right wing christian and hasn't given me a chance

"Pepsi Pulls Ad Accused of Trivializing Black Lives Matter" by DANIEL VICTOR via NYT 

Your clear vision of success motivates you to reach higher to ... More for Capricorn 

So Putin would know to warn his guys to go have a beer/vodka elsewhere. This is just so fucking sick 

"An elite Red Bull training camp makes athletes face a charging bear, learn improv, and sit in icy water" 

What a bitter and nasty bunch #SNP followers are. Hate is a strong word which I was taught to use with great care. Not them obviously...

Nigerian emerges SUG president in US varsity Published April 5, 2017  

trust so fucked up I feel like everybody trying to play me   ‍

Handmade #Camera clock in wood #digital #Computer #Cameras -  -  

B: sorry we ran out already and we won't be selling it anymore… but if you'd like you can try the-- Me: 

Would Chelsea Be Premier League Champions Elect with John Stones Not David Luiz?  

Japanese White-eyes sipping floral nectar. It is a charming scenery, isn't it? #JFsakura #sakura #桜 

Ya girl just got an iPhone and the first thing she doing is asking everyone to play 8 ball w her   que cute

North Korea reportedly has a fleet of 1,000 drones it can use for chemical attacks 

“Palestinian” rams car into Israeli soldiers, killing one and injuring another via Geller ... 

Great to see CYPE committee has launched this consultation, I was v lucky to have a great support network during is… 

'If you take a step back and become a little less self-obsessed, then your problems become insignificant' 

Enter the Sprint Amazing Sweeps and you could win a Samsung home entertainment package valued at $6,300! NPN See rules 

Argentina Legalizes Medical Marijuana; Patients Will Receive It Free of Charge - eNews Park Forest… 

#Futures point to lower open on Wall Street after US cruise missile strikes on Syria  

Orioles are home against the Yankees today! Who's going to the game??Make sure to stop by for a BOH and a Burger!… 

I remember it in 2013 when even more children died in a chemical weapons attack. 

Please introduce yourself and your interest in wine, personal/professional or both. #ukwinehour 

joseph joestar saying holy shit but sped up rlly fast and repeated over and over and over and over and o

   Indonesia allows exports from Freeport mine in temporary deal  INVESTINGcom

OPINION: Why is it that so many cars fail to nail the 'sport mode' feel and sound? Dave's had enough.… 

Now Playing #GamaBomb - 05_GAMA_BOMB-Untouchable_Glory-Tuck_Your_T-Shir... on 

Nova Scotia doctor charged with drug trafficking due in court.  

Omg...sent an enquiry after a horse and accidentally signed as "Amethyst". Whoops. At least it's not a bad nickname to explain away....

You are wrong in one thing, Deathwatch. It is a human life that I will not take. And you are not human!

i suppose the ideal situation is that no one is discriminated against in any situation no matter what scientific basis you have

Me too Paula sad we become this cynical but you get so pissed off u think another one how many more??? 

Antique Rimless Pince Nez Eyeglasses Eyewear Spectacles with Case by alleycatsvintage on Etsy 

Two IDIOTS Team Up to FIGHT "Racism" and Make it WORSE 

It's our #AnthemsWeekend and Elliot is here with some HUGE tunes for your Sunday afternoon!    

Grand Winner .. 500k ! and a brand new Car .. no. 8 ! Michelle ! Congrats ! #WowowinGFGrandFinals #DTBYIsItReal

May this new month becomes one of the most blessed and happy month for us... Ase Oooo! Happy New Month!!! 

It angers no one that while the country experienced load shedding that #GuptaMafia were hijacking #EskomCoal with #BrianMolefe and #Koko?

UK HGV NETWORK SPORT Masters 2017: Can Rory McIlroy win the Grand Slam?  Drive Safe All

"President Donald: President Trump Attack Syria is a war crime! Please add your name.  

'Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse' is an underrated album that WILL get the respect it deserves one day, one of Mariah's best tbh

New on our blog: What does a dual role in Accounts and Media look like at an agency?  #agencylife

 RT georgiastraight: Photos: 5,000 red balloons sitting atop Vancouver Playhouse … 

The one day we don't play ball over spring break me and my girls decided to go for a hike    

#nude picture of thiland school girl in shower girl fucking a gear shifter 

Intertextuality is the relationship between two texts whose authors were otherwise separated by time/space.

anyone who can do proper squats or other butt exercises: can we skype so u can help me figure out posture/form??

Big blow to RAILA ODINGA as a prominent politician dumps NASA for a UHURU’s friendly party  

Black people with dry lips and knuckles in cinema needs to STOP. Y'all don't have a bottle of moisturizer on set? Ex. Get Out

Conditions at 3:00 PM Temp: 44.4F Rain 0.00" Humidity: 81 pct Wind Speed: 0.0 from the NNW Feels Like: 44.4F

New Campaign - Including Major #OOH - Tells Chicago to 'Make it a Mickey D's Morning' | AdAge 

in fact 9pm has been.....THEN TOO I AM NOT AFFECTING AS YES WANT A BREAK AS IN LAST 24 HRS DID REALLY MANY MANY TWEEETS AS TODAY IND MORN 2!

I-85 fire suspect indicted on multiple charges - WSB Atlanta: WSB Atlanta I-85 fire suspect indicted on…… 

Bones, but would also find feathers and hair. This is changing, those organics in the sand are disappearing #saa2017 #s224

The woman in the Kendrick video looks good with and without the makeup, I was obviously jk. Matter of fact, I like the vid.

all this bullshet w TRUMP ,, ya hate him but he fckin won ,,if you didn't vote sit your ass fckin down !!! It is what it is

I ain't really worried about you niggas and you really shouldn't be worried about me neithaaaaa. I got shit to do, you got a soul to find.

Couple takes piss shower after fucking 

D.K. Metcalf is healthy this spring, which has served as a reminder of his playmaking ability at WR. #OleMiss… 

today I remembered my reusable grocery bags but forgot my wallet so if anyone wants to punch me in the face I'll send you my address

#Bettas natural environment is often resource-limited, so many Betta species have little choice of food.

I bombed because my study and sleep priorities are fucked and I didn't devote enough to this calc unit so guess what has to change

Systems that don't allow you to change your email address... what the hell are you doing? Were you built by idiots?

Psst, hey #Homeschoolers Join us TONIGHT at 9 p.m. ET for a Spring Twitter Party  #ihsnet w… 

#NowPlaying on Amazing 80's Radio ►: Pink Cadilllac by #Natalie Cole ♫ Listen to more #80s Hits here ♫  #80smusic

When cause i been dieing to catch some fucking tarpon 

Meet the artists and engineers who get paid to imagine the future  

I just saw the girl going to work and her bf was telling i love you from the car like 5 times and it was so cute haha

I would really like to see research on how young people of color respond to the messaging and whether it impacts behavior/choices (5/x)

U ever just realize u fucked up real bad and don't know how to fix it

When someone says something soooooo stupid and u just wanna smack the fuck outta them  

Fucking Ants All Over My Yard: 

bj skinny in highheels fucked on table 

The Preshow is fucking stacked this year, if the women were on the preshow with some random ass Usos v Dudleys type match, then yeah.

me, a dumbass -- no sun burn is gonna stop me from having fun in Florida the sun, an intellectual -- hold my beer

"Chemical weapons base". " CNN journalist". It wasn't a CW base idiot 

Groundhog Day: Activity Continues at North Korea’s Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site | 38 North 

Read MESM's blog post looking at the importance of including patients in protocol development for clinical trials:… 

I don't know the choreography to Scared of the Dark so don't go expecting me to jump up for that. #Tweaster

Celebrities react to comedian Don Rickles' death: Celebrities and comedians react to the… 

Queen bad bitch cersei 4 life 

Not for those with weak hearts: 16 most frightening and disturbing cakes you’ve ever seen! 

Activist parents rally in D.C., hoping Trump will change vaccine status quo... your thoughts? 

But if that identity is utter garbage, then feel free to shit on it all you want. Don't just get pissed cause they… 

RP #LITMPagtatapat #FPJAPBalikBilibid #MDHKasagutan It Will never change baby MCLISSE IWFIL OnStarMusic

#HealthWorkers as social justice agents > "Health professionals who see selves as nonracist can" -MUST- "resist role of privelege" #wcph2017

When you honour him with your otherworldly presence, even the articulate SherKhan fumbles for words.

this is a damn dirty lie, it's time consuming and it literally takes up my class time 

You might be disgruntled with your current social standing bec... More for Taurus 

Sbonakaliso: what type of body does she have???? Precious' brother: *Stares in Death * 

Roche's much-anticipated MS game-changer, Ocrevus, nabs its FDA green light  #Roche #FDA #MS… 

ADOPTED: KATRINA When Emily and Thomas came looking for a new family member today they fell in love with Katrina... 

Cancer cells are masters of escape. Scientists are learning to outsmart them #chronicmyeloidleukemia:… 

1pair Lift Up Top Coffee Table Lifting Frame Mechanism Spring Hinge Hardware  

Your success is tied to someone else's dreams while the Sun's ... More for Pisces 

Creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p... More for Pisces 

Found a Transponder Snail! Battle rages in Upper Yard! Shandians vs. "Kami"!  #TreCru 

Don't be passive about the Word of God #3rdYearAnniversary #JesusPublicity #KingdomCitizen #ilovemychurch

Resurgent Chinese demand is driving an export rebound in Asia  

POV close up pussy fucking cum on pussy 

Two weeks left to submit breakout session proposals for the 2017 #ASBSDSASDConvention:  #sdedu

Please keep your f--king thoughts to yourself. They don't need them or want them as you villify Colombians living i… 

Good afternoon guys, Just got an update from Captain TJ at San Nic Island. He said fishing was excellent, and... 

I bet the peaceful vibrations and energy around J. Lennon was something that's indescribable #PeaceInTheStorm 

Is this the surprise hint that Manchester United will keep Louis van Gaal for next season? #ManchesterUnited… 

It's already too late. We are living in the last days of our Republic. The enemy has been infiltrating everywhere f… 

We get attached to temporary things, then wonder why our happiness never lasts. KissWard SUNaKayoNalang

OMG! You have to see this. #BIGOLIVE > #girl jangan nervous.  

I love these noble Jewish souls. They are certainly nearer to God and more pious than those so called Muslims who... 

Contractors receive death threats after bidding to build Trump’s wall  They want him To live on the other side

Don't fucking text me if when's I reply you say nothing 

Let's not let this stupidity distract us from the fact that Donald Trump and America are ducking the fade with Nort… 

2016 marks year of recovery for global semiconductor market | Solid State Technology 

This fat penguin looking bitch rly just called my mum a stupid fucking bitch, not knowing she's my mum            

I would probably dress up nice then go to whataburger then the movies then walk on the beach by myself and say "you're awesome" (2/2)

Gråbo Weather Data 08:00 AM Temperature:5.1oC Humidity:79 Wind Gust:0.0 m/s Dir: SSW Rain today: 0 mm This month:0… 

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

Today's Lunch Menu Chef's Special: Chicken and Waffles BBQ Sauce Seasoned Peas Grill Special: Hot Ham and Cheese Sandwich Xtra: Strawberries

Played who? Me? ...okay shorty, but at the cost of what? You didnt really believe that did you?? Im f'd in this life regardless. #ButYou???

NigeriaNewsdesk: An appeal to the vengeful gladiators  via todayng 

Yorkshire Ripper may have murdered eight more, says former detective who got killer to confess 

Haven't been to Mega plaza in over 10 years but shit still looks the same, obvs with some decor here and there

I laughed too hard and I shouldn't have and now I'm in tears from laughing too hard 

Ford hires 400 engineers, mostly in Canada, as cars go high tech  

A dizzying array of connections. Too much smoke!! Let's get this fire out!! #TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #StopTrump… 

i just finished 13 reasons why and it fucked me up bad, it's sad how relatable it is to our society

‘Odour of plastic came out when we cooked them’: Fake eggs seized in Kolkata  

Never forget walking pass The Parkside that day thinking we were going to get hammered. 

its so hot and my parents don't want to get me out of here but yet everyone has been out of the house today except me im dying bye

'Treat your daughter for doing the washing up': Co-op under fire for 'sexist' Easter egg advert  | Telegraph

Congratulations to my sons Ben and Josh for being elected the Justice and Vice Justice for PAD at Touro Law.#TouroLaw…

Vintage Ralph Lauren Queen Duvet Set W/ Curtain Material  

"It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong." - Henry Longfellow

George Takei Has Bombshell Announcement, And Washington Is Reeling  KISS YOUR JOB GOODBYE, NUNES!!!

Well it's that fucking moment when your alarm goes off at 5am but you have been up since 2am Fuck my life!! 

You understand the importance of striking a balance between pe... More for Pisces 

This #pasta dish brings everyone to the table. Works every time!  #SundaySupper 

Don’t give up on First Seal: Thompson: JOHN Thompson has told punters to give First Seal… 

And now people are threatening the Gotham twitter, I'm done. This fandom is too goddamn disgusting.

As a man you have to recognize when you fucked up.

Are you fucking kidding me? 

If you switched up on me, no hard feelings and no love lost. But will I do you a favor??? Miss me w that

Just in! We have recently added a 2013 Ford Mustang to our inventory. Check it out : 

Remember what happened when Andrea was in this situation? She used a pair of pliers #TheWalkingDead #StorySync 

Although you might already have big plans for the weekend, mor... More for Capricorn 

Here are this week's H2O quality readings for the RAD section from the French Broad River Keeper:  #avl #avlout #av…

Halaf the storyline is whack now, u can predict whats coming next! Its like a low budget movie usenge mtupu 

a dumbass play to end this awful game. #nationalchampionship

#socmedupdate Use This Productivity Method Instead of To-Do Lists  

PLC | High School Ministry. Houston, we have a gathering... Part II. Info meeting this Sunday! 

i was really craving chocolate covered strawberries but i don't have strawberries so i used apples and it was bomb

Matt Figger on Austin Peay rumors: "I’m a Gamecock and that’s the only thing I’m thinking about. I’ve seen all the reports and stuff."

#ukhousing Shared ownership flaws reveal void in young people's housing options 

or something that could require me needing emergency surgery. please y'all i'm just asking for a bit of patience.

Volunteer Tour Guides and Greeters Needed at Naval Air Station Wildwood Aviation Museum! General Aviation... 

FEP workshops may not even be publicly advertised. Community decides how to get the word out. #ChiMobilizes

all my fucking friends   I can't catch a break EVER 

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

Sotha Sil and the Scribs Young Sotha Sil, while playing in the egg mines, saw a number of scribs in a deep shaft,

Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (TDY) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research 

23 Inch 1080W PHILIPS Led Light Bar FLOOD SPOT Offroad Driving Truck ATV LAMP 22  

EXACTLY MY FUCKING POINT ABOUT TODAYS SO CALLED HIPHOP 

They will vote party, so when you vote make sure you agree with the party platform. 

"To give ... him immunity it means they want him to turn and testify against someone higher up in the food chain," 

JUST to give Stephen A Smith a stage to be a fucking idiot (2/2)

Look what creative fabrics has been working on so far.... stay tuned to see what is next. 

Nasty brunette bitches get pounded hard 

Buy 1 get 1 free >>> Lucky for me I haven't been doing much shopping unless you count going to sonic

wait did no one videoed how kai gave ksoo's shoulder a few squeezes when he returned after dancing with sehun for acoustic stage????

ASOS PETITE Premium Printed Satin Wrap Maxi Dress  #OnSale 

Senator Dino Melaye in Messy Certificate Scandal, School says he did not graduate - See Details - Madailygist… 

"All we got" by chance really sits well with me because I never have anyone. And that's fine. Great song though

Here's what I filed 45 minutes after my first viewing in February 2015; a checklist of terrible clichés. 

#5: ZTR Black LCD Display Touch Digitizer Screen Assembly Replacement for iPhone 6 PLUS 5.5…  #Replacement #Parts

this girl just said you know how they have lemonade stands i wished they had dick stands       SICK

Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc $SNOW Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research 

Cries bc I wish I had slippers bc my feet get so cold but I fucking hate socks

i haven't had meat in 2 weeks but i'm craving chicken nuggets so fucking bad

my montage video is probably the fastest viewed video i have on this channel yet! almost 50 views in 1 day!

junhyung stanning was loooooooooooooooooooooooooong ago in fact only like 2 ppl might even recall that that are presently on rn

sticks my leg out, boring bitch til the end of time

I'm just...buzzing Nh hee ehh I really want to my fav thing today me out there with anyone on the opportunity to end one

know Kristie. I was grateful for that, and hoped to god that Matt didn't say anything stupid or pop a boner in front of her. "Your...

Migrants accused of being part of Syrian militant group go on trial in Germany  #البارجيل… 

I want to feel the cock inside your self ! Push,don't be shy  

Middlesborough have scored 2 actual goals in the 1st half of a game of football. They're still losing but this is a huge achievement!

Oh and another thing. just because a man is attracted to the way you look doesn't mean he's "fetishizing" you. you're not deep shut up.

#Bag #World: #Hermes Kelly #Bags Retourne 32cm Clemence Leather Blue Electric Palladium Hardware… 

I remember seeing that teaser and literally fucking gasped and said "that's my ult BITCH"

dozens of people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

indonesian jilbab hijab babe masturbates and fucked 

#NowPlaying Check The Rhime by A Tribe Called Quest on #UrbanRadio Old School Hip Hop 

The theme song for this administration should be Trump dressed as Elsa belting out "Do you want to build a strawman?"

News: Pacific Health Care Organization, Inc. Reports its 2016 Year-End Financial Results Newport Beach, 

I don't believe the Roman Reigns for AJ Styles trade is true. They want Reigns vs Lasner at WM34. Theres No way Lasner goes to #SDLive

There is a method to your madness as you attempt to keep every... More for Leo 

Thank you. I appreciate the kind words but these kids deserve our best effort just like we want to see theirs. 

Went to this store to buy Shin Godzilla on DVD...all them bitches sold out ... mad asfff.

Our Government’s sole aim is development, powered by Jan Bhagidari and...  by #narendramodi vi… 

Had to embarrass some lil Bitch in front of he ugly boyfriend on the train  .

A 13 1/2 hour working day when your hanging out just ain't the one... I'm fucked me

I have to get up in 4hrs but this game won't allow me to sleep. Champions rise to the occasion! #nationalchampionship

I like to sweat while I sleep. I've decided I need silk sheets, they wick and absorb much more pleasantly. May need a cotton double bag.

What if I told you that when the information you receive is so overwhelming you can no longer think clearly....your… 

twitter,fix ur shitty app i can't even fucking get into my nrew account im mad

Aswr! And that Governor is the chairman of Nigeria's Governors Forum. The state of our nation   

I was checking my YouTube analytics and found that only one female watches my videos and she's from Massachusetts. Thank you mystery girl!

These idiots should be identified and banned from the ground. Every single match day is about them now. 

Why's it acceptable for the girl to cheat on the lad? Fucking slags mate

1 tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past week. Thank you 

Click here to watch the movie:  MILF hottie is stockings Lisa Ann is getting hardcore fucked 

When she got all the niggas on stage that she fucked that night and Maury reads your name that u are not the father 

Brushing too vigorously can actually damage tooth enamel, which leads to tooth decay. 

This Bad Lip Reading of The Force Awakens features Mark Hamill as Han Solo - and he nails it 

36.6 million data breaches were recorded in India in 2016: Report  

The name #lavender is derived from the Latin word “lavare”, to wash. #essentialoils #theessentialshop… 

Even Missile Cards, which at a glance seems "off brand" for me, is ultimately about an underlying fascination with death.

LandT names SN Subrahmanyan CEO and MD; Naik to be non-executive chairman  via vcc

dem cars so fucking lit    #MIAS2017 

Most people I spoke to in #Syria believe #US #SyriaStrikes did very little damage to regime and were mostly a message to #Russia

With the rise of Mastodon (a twitter-lite social network), I can hardly wait for the Deep Purple Facebook copycat. #smokeonthewater

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

LearnLight Hires a Work At Home ESL Tutoring Position that Pays $12 an Hour! 

I'm going to need fuel for energy for tomorrow's long shift. I can't wait to try that avocado with the breakfast sandwich, I'll let ya know 

After anti-Romeo squad of UP, pls meet anti-goonda staff of Ludhiana rural police! Sit-ups, ear pulling and more .. 

He Had To Grab A Pelican With His Bare Hands. The Reason Why Is Heartbreaking  

Sitting at the bar at the Anaheim Marriott listening to a guy ramble about his drug experiences. He really loves the sound of his own voice.

4Mulligan created Leprechaun traps using leprechaun "lores " #LEHSD with Mrs Heck. 

Maybe the English, whom they hate so much, are starting to turn their backs on Scotland. 

Lord help me, I'm not trynna kill a cat for being annoying as fuck at 5 am

Come on out to Dr. Ron's Book signing at Greece Barns and Noble! 4/8/17 2pm to 4pm #RochesterNY #cocreate… 

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

I will literally pay someone what ever they want to do my job today. I have SO many quotes and insurance applications to do

nintendo, it's been fucking 11 years, release a USA/ENG MOTHER 3 already on virtual console

I've never seen a Benjamin with his eyes closed And Remember make money don't let money make you. Word

#2017AlreadyTaughtMe to be humble and going for everything I want unlike other years where I make new years resolution bt dnt stick to dem

someone described jonghyun as a "k-pup artist" and that's honestly the cutest think I've ever heard  

Add some colour to your menus with these amazing baby cauliflowers #passionforfood 

Found a Transponder Snail! Ace and Luffy form an unbreakable wall in battle!  

+7 Year Old Girl Pens Open Letter To President Trump | The Content Will Melt Your Heart 

Thank you police in Middleton today. The sirens were very high tech varying patterns varying sirens. My father told me it mean megala mania

I make rope ladders for gyms personal fitness or 1000 other uses you can put them to! 

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

OFFICIAL: #watfordfc are delighted to announce the signing of Obbi Oularé on a f... #watfordfc -… 

Is it so hard to say you will do whatever you can to make beronica happen or at least you will try, instead of maki… 

Officers on #OpDuxford seize vehicle for No Insurance and report driver to court. 6 points on his new licence means… 

#Syrian FM: #SyrianArabArmy did not and will not use #ChemicalWeapons even against terrorists who target our people 

That's what gets lost when everyone gets to have an opinion, and people act like perspectives are formed in a vacuum.

Always appreciate the time you get, because you never know how much longer it`ll last. #ALDUBKSGoesToUS

French Guiana protesters block space launchpad amid multibillion-euro aid row with Paris 

/the fact that the necklace dove is always wearing in her pics says 'little' makes me feel some type of way

I hate when rappers say fuck Donald trump like go fuckin do something about it i ain't trying to hear that or your reused lines

Barca’s Mascherano denies presence of Argentina ‘friends club’  

70 Roadrunner twin turbskies anyone? #turbo #moparornocar #madmusclegarage  

You have heard correctly the stand bookings are now open, get in early to secure the best place possible!… 

Patients receiving pedometers by post increased their physical activity for at least 12 - 

Supermarket and Hypermarket Market Size, Analysis, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts, 2017-2021 – QY… 

I hate to ask him a question andand he say "it's up to you"    ughhhhhhh that shit erks my imaginary pussy so bad!

83' CHANCE! Toby Jones runs through on goal but the ball bobbles in front of him and he ball is looped over

#AOTD Jeremy Sicile-Kira on view in #EdgeoftheOcean a group show on view through 5/21/17 #Painting #FineArt… 

Lizzie Cundy Displays Nasty Sideboob Wearing Only An Apron For Cooking Lesson 

Found a Transponder Snail! Whitebeard and Luffy working together to save Ace?  #TreCru 

What the fuck is this shit. Why the fuck do I feel sad for no reason, why the fuck does my chest feel heavy

If you broke up from business, it is worth making up in most cases. Do not miss your true love. #breakup #relationship #ex

This just validates that even some of the best in the world make mistakes.Just need to accepted that a great game m… 

are you looking for at fako, look at him ugly son af bitch, motherfucking hakan balamir

NWT Coach F58294 Tote Signature Coated Canvas Handbag Khaki/Bright Pink  

Crackers N' Smash are going to have a problem. Any of these bots which face against Carbide again are gonna have a bad time. #RobotWars

There's another chance to grab the Air Jordan 1 "Blue Suede" this Saturday, April 1st -> 

Trump signs orders to #Review trade laws, severely punish foreign 'cheaters' 

911 Calls Capture The Moments Before Truck Crashed Into Bus, Killing 13 -  

You’re in my space! How preferred interpersonal distance varies across the world 

May refusing Scottish independence vote because it could TOPPLE Brexit, SNP MP says 

Hey, shitheads, you're not going to get away with another stupid war! This time, the Goyim know! 

Cara Therapeutics Announces Pricing of Its Public Offering of Common Stock  #money #news

Dan Carter and Joe Rokocoko cleared of doping in French 'pseudo-affair' #Sport 

A lot of y'all couldn't hit HALF the girls you've smashed if it wasn't for you buying whatever they wanted. (Which… 

Thomas Storck's father was a practical atheist, but he loved collecting books- especially prayer books. #JHprogram

What a fucking tool Miss Huckabee is. Daddy's lil pork chop. 

Argentina lawmakers approve cannabis oil for medicinal use  

With Trump Struggling, Wealthy Backers Shell Out $1.3M for TV and Digital Ads to Shore Him Up… 

Fri 11:00: Mainly cloudy. 30 percent chance of drizzle early this afternoon. High 8. UV index 3 or moderate.

someone fucking bungee corded my locker shut???????????

You know that classic #holiday film about what if you were the first victims of German gas attacks along with Canadians in Ypres, Belgium...

When you go on break and realize you forgot to check the time but have probably been on break for 5 mins. "Break starts now!"

2 Pack Guitar Stands JH403-Wall-Hanger Hook Holder Wall Mount Display, Fit Most Guitars, with.. 

[Lady shares Chat she had with a lesbian woman who wants to date her by Force - See Chat (Pics) 

Mfs get one chance to have me really fucked up. If we ain't fucking , you don't get a million chances. Call it what you want   ‍

Planning a vacation should be fun right? I have made three deposits to three different destinations. #thisiswhatanxietyfeelslike

IRL hero John Stamos charms his way through someone else's marriage proposal  

#BearsNation #Bears #ChicagoBears After historic World Series, Cubs no longer can merit exclamation points 

#ItsaClassik!!! New Music! "Getcha Bag Up"(Audio) - Young Cliff /  / #TrillLifeStyle

the audio children book of a nerd parent's children's dreams (the double apostrophe looks weird but i think it's ri… 

G they fucking them boys upppppppp! Obd they not playing!!  

Want to earn money from your SmartPhone? Check out this, it may be of interest! 

Therefore my opinion is invalid even if I'm saying the exact same thing? Aha 

How Vitamin C Helps Protect Against Cancer  #VitaminCDay 

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Professional Knife Sharpener for Knives and Sc..." by Wise wife.  #giveaway

TRASH Store announces arrival of a new group to our collections. Fashionable dresses for Women sizes 2-4-6-8.... 

Everyone can be what they wanna be but don't fucking tell me lies. I'm a woman bc of my anatomy and that's why men kill us.

Aesthetically disgusting wind turbines wreaking havoc on migrating birds and bats.

Hotties receive pussies fucked 

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Fucked up movies, yup this is one of those movies #rupture but damn #horror 

Honestly, McCaskill has little to lose. She is probably toast any way...might as well go down swinging as a progressive heroine.

Wishing you a wonderful weekend... Whatever the weather, may your baggage be light and your… 

#ReadABookor2 Maybe the idea has always been, "What's in it for me?" mentality. Some things never change, right? 

I don't care what you do but, when you're practically vaping down the back of my neck, then we've got a problem.

I really hate begging, if you want me to beg you can go fuck yourself 

just read a thread of this guy who cooked his fuckin chicken in nyquil   the pic that came with it will haunt me un… 

Biting into a peanut butter chocolate chip granola bar when you think it's chocolate chip has to be the most disappointing thing ever

"Let's go home." S.Korea's ill-fated ferry #Sewol ends 3-year ordeal to get to bottom of disaster… 

A 5 star experience for our wedding anniversary! - review of dusit thani abu dhabi, abu ... - 

This is fucking disgusting why is this just now being talked about holy shit 

Anyone can learn to be a great leader. And everyone can learn to lead better. This book will… 

I am basically a hopeless romantic with a dirty mind, has high standards and I call my idol Daddy like it was his real name  ‍

Thank you and well done to Rockcliffe First School for being the pilot school for the #CareerInspirationProject wit… 

we r mtng at 3pm for the final.we shall discuss our concerns as we end the season.kindly b there n in tym.we must b strong.tell a player!

Stay in your lane, boys! #werderpic.twitter.com/61goVBQHRv  

6 Ideas for Increasing Profitability #cannabismedicinal- Cannabis Business Times  via… 

Not even ur friend who got invited, asks u if u want to join. Maybe bc the other members don't know me that well.

Absolutely.....a full investigation should have been initiated months ago !!!! 

Retro Crossdresser Getting Fucked 

Another reason McCain needs to GO HOME!!! McCain Calls Nuclear Option Proponents 'Stupid Idiots' -- 

10 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

- Persuades China he's an insane idiot - They'll say he warned Russia first because he's a puppet - Buries the Susa… 

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 265 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

The Philadelphia 76ers don't need top pick in 17 draft for playoffs. Philadelphia 76ers Have Ascended NBA Food Chain 

I just sucked your dick for twenty minutes and you can't even cuddle me. I was the one fucked in this scenario   #unappreciated

cover your fucking mouth when you sneeze, would you?

too bad I'm a size 11 men and got basketball torn up ass feet   ‍ 

One of the keys to #success! #mindset #DoItNow - Link Of The Day:  

    yooo almost went to Maury fucking around 

From aviation week: Trump Advisor: No GA Tax In ATC Reform - The chief economic advisor to President Trump says... 

Straight Up Underground (Video 8) #Underground #MixMasterAce #ReelInTheField 

Elizabeth En Plaid jupe Fucked Outdoors Dans les deux trous 

Have you heard ‘Ave Verum - #HelenColeman’ and Steve Beck on #SoundCloud? #np 

#NowPlaying: Rockabye by Clean Bandit Feat. Sean Paul and Anne Marie Listen at  

The Finanzgericht Köln filed a request for a preliminary ruling regarding the freedom of establishment and the P-S Dir 

2017-04-05 13:09:47.780995 Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. 100 round peg... 

my problem is i forgive people, that's NOT meant to be fucked with  ‍

How is Digital Transformation revolutionizing the way manufacturers share and manage product and engineering design? 

The world suffers global recession, enormous inequity, hunger, deforestation, pollution, climate change, nuclear weapons, terrorism, etc…

The U.S. joined the ‘Great War’ 100 years ago. America and warfare were never the same. - The Washington Post 

#TBT to C6 in Orlando Photo credit: Steve Lam Hi-Rez here:  #501stCDN #Official501st… 

Hold yourself to a standard of grace - not perfection. Be you. Not who everyone wants you to be. 

How to avoid Meningitis! All you should know about the epidemic spreading across the nation 

RoccoSiffredi Anal Fucked Teens get Icing Everywhere 

Wrapped up in 3 layers one being my dressing gown and im still fucking freezing

and they wear different coloured leotards that arent standard so they have pastel purple, pink with glitter patterns, black with silver

Homie with our classic distressed tee and camo bomber. #brand #streetstyle #dutchafro #capetown… 

What to watch: - Fed in focus - Earnings ramp up - Panera cooks up a deal?  CNNMoney

Pastors Without Job Should go Get One, Don’t Depend on Church…Actress, Eucharia Anunobi Fires 

Whoa! Did not see this coming. Guess it makes sense given his recent injuries. Still a good QB, hilarious INTs notw… 

Wife of Taiwan activist detained in China to go to Beijing without lawyer. Statement in Chinese: 

If anyone would like to buy me a new bed that would be fab. The mattress my rheumatologist recommended is £800    

It's sad that I'm considered "the white" one in the family because I travel. Things like this inspired my blog 

Instead of waiving millions of $s of farm loans, Govts should invest the same money in modernizing Agri in India. 

Trump is sick and tired of seeing a whole country being demolished and attacked. For that, he should earn EVERYONE's utmost respect.

Y'all need y'all ass whooped why y'all drink while y'all  , dumb bum bitches !!

Using AI to solve healthcare is easy peasy compared to dealing with the logic a 5yr old deploys to delay bedtime...

Graphic video shows effects of Syria attack  #latest #world #news 

Wanting to stop smoking but kinda hard turning my back on the only one that's always been there... 

Glam party babes get fucked and suck cock at sex shower orgy 

Donnelly becomes third Dem to back Gorsuch; Tester to vote no. Political suicide, Donnelly. Think twice! 

This is a job we did for CNH Industrial, they wanted their tow motor paths coated with a durable… 

Lowest Ask: $180 Adidas NMD R1 Triple Solar Red (US8.5)  #adidas 

Systems that don't allow you to change your email address... what the hell are you doing? Were you built by idiots?

half way through making the muffins this morning I realized I hadn't put any oil in the mix and now I feel like I'm on an episode of the GBBO

Ahh the bboy oppa from bibap reacted to my highlight video lol. 1st fb interaction since i added him in 2014? Lol

Reach Over 9 Million, its Huge. its number 1 media group in #Pakistan its JANG 

The driver was suspected of having lost control of the tram, which fell on its side on Des Voeux Road Central... 

FRIDAY EVE ON  IS #HOUSEMUSIC NITE 7-8PM GMT ITS ENRICHED WITH LONDON DJ and PRODUCER RICH B 

Sign up and get fucked by a MILF at  

So I took what's mine by eternal right. Took your soul out into the night. It may be over but it won't stop there

if u ever meet someone who makes ur life flow easier and makes u laugh a lot, keep them, that’s all u need..

 Excelsior consort front forks barn find vintage project francis barnett james 

The gift of life is a treasure. Some fill it with pressure. Some with pleasure! #MAYWARDAtABSCBNTradeLaunch

IF IM GONNA STARVE THEN I PULL HEAT ON ALL BITCH ASS NIGGAS ON ALL YALL RICH ASS NIGGA IF I DONT MAKE NO MONEY THEN IM GONNA TAKE YALL MONEY

the balloons flicking about the place were integral to #totp. Would have been staid without them. #AgainstModernPopShows

THIS IS MY FAVORITE VINE I POST IT EVERY TIME I FIND IT I WILL NOT APOLOGIZE 

I mean at this point they have to know it's me because I drew myself in the exact outfit, hat, and earrings I wear

Stormy skies - thoughts on editing? all critique welcome via /r/photocritique  

#girl fucking movies nude asia 

Some people look down on c-sect mothers. Some say we are not #woman enough to have delivered our… 

Join us for Friday #HappyHour (5PM-8PM)! $5 Tijuana Sweet Heat Tequila Shots, $2 Tacos, $1 Domestic Frosty Mugs

Boys Noize Announces North American Leg of Warehouse Tour || Read more:  || #EDMnews 

Look which idiot bought herself DDR4 RAM without owning a DDR4 motherboard THIS GENIUS

Colorado boy grew up not too far from each other. Longmont product getting a chance 

And forget not the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair. #DTBYMulingPaghaharap

when you just on your way home and a sheep is running around in tha street fucking up fraffic flow   

kingharlevigilante: Even if you don’t got a ass, wear that sundress. Even if you don’t got a flat tummy,... 

Omfg if this is right then regina fucking going to die for Emma I NEED A MOMENT 

The challenge targets the theme “healthy youth leads to healthy minds, soul and spirit.” 

Rep Kurk "we funded alcohol/drug prog" (after GOP tried killing). Asks "is it enough to deal w/crisis?" Answers "probably not." #nhpolitics

#DrudgeReport SENATE HEADS FOR SUPREME COURT SHOWDOWN...: SENATE HEADS FOR SUPREME COURT SHOWDOWN... (Third…  #News

These 2 "catchers" are carrying #Cubs on offense. They have both of team's HR and more than half team's total RBI. Co… 

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

We are seeking vendors for our Spring Bazaar on May 12th from 1-4pm. If you would like to participate please contac… 

i see ya later, i see ya later, see ya later later, later, later, later, later, later, i see ya later 

Trilobites: After Badger Buries Entire Cow Carcass, Scientists Go to the Tape  

[Altamonte] Hoothoot (100.0%) [Peck , Night Shade](28m 12s) Until 10:34:39pm. 

The U.S. doesn't need to fix everyone else's problems. But, we do need to decide where the line is and when to act.

And many false prophets will arise and lead many astray (due to their selfish desires) Matthew 24:11  ,.....

Indiana Jones Masterpieces 2008 Topps Sketch Card by Agnes Garbowska 1/1  

I hate his cunt. Just fuck off from our club 

2010 MITSUBISHI LANCER MK5 GS2, 2.0 DIESEL, 5 DOOR HATCHBACK, 6 SPEED MANUAL GEABRBOX. JDS REF - 978

My heart too bad to be fucking with this 

Women Girl printing coins change purse Clutch zipper zero wallet phone key bags  

Hey #MICHAELFLYNN, can we get another "Lock Her Up" chant. Karma is a bi**h. #resist 

him: are you okay? her: yeah i'm fine what she really means: i'm incapacitated by the sadness that Drake + Rihanna's Take Care elicits

Omg from 117 to 35 in 7 Hours in Germany       #BuyNoPromisesOnItunes #NoPromises #Germany #NoPromisesGermany… 

2013 PEARL JAM Sticker - 11/16/13 Oklahoma Not Wrigley Lightning Bolt Not Poster  

Fired Disney Workers Reveals The Weird Rules Of ‘The Happiest Place On Earth’. 

S/o to the sun for fucking wit me today 

But, when i look up at your instagram stories. Now youre working on store in the mall *my grammar is so bad  *

Current situation Pre #Wedding getting the wives pampered #NailTime  

Saturnz Barz is by far the most popular so far and it's far and away the worst one, so that's disappointing.

It's late + I'm tired but I won't be able to sleep because #KEEPITMOVING was just released into the world!!    

I wanna be fucked ! Find my name here  

don't wanna be a fool for you, just another player in your game for two. you may hate me, but it ain't no lie, baby, die, die, die.

my life is problematic for no reason at all I swear all I do is lie in bed all day in a depressive coma drowning in existential dread

[radiko.jp]SATURDAY AMUSIC ISLANDS AFTERNOON EDITION(15時台) | FM802 | 2017/04/08/土 | 15:00-16:00 

Asyncing Feeling about JavaScript Generators  | #frontend #developer #js # javascript

"Hey, Aun lady. The 'un' in Aun has the radical for 'cow' in it, so are you wearing it on your shirt because you're a cow?" #Bot

bitch its not an "insinuation" its a fact, MONSTER WAS A PROBLEMATIC NASTY ASS SONG, the lyrics themselves are the… 

#Quote Stop looking for reasons to be unhappy. Focus on the things you do have, and the reasons you should be happy.

"If I find in myself desires which nothing in this world can satisfy the only logical explanation is I was made for another world"

They were created in response to a white supremacist social structure that prohibited them from attending instituti… 

Here's the rundown of using laughing gas during labor and childbirth:  

VISE VERSE !!!!!!!? FUCK !!!!!!            

#architecture #interiordesign #deco Philippe Starck designs remotely-controllable radiator valves for..… 

Limbaugh: Obama and#8216;Weaponizedand#8217; Americaand#8217;s Spies Against Trumpand#8217;s Team 

Sunny days like this remind me of Ibiza! Do yourselves a favour, put this on, turn it up and enjoy the sun!  

My whole life I thought these were the same song . Quite deeply shocking ngl 

I saw so, but I found out their blood is blue so not so alarming when spilled on the timeline like "Le goons" 

"She Knelt Down! Mia Khalifa Kept Her Promise And Blows Up Donald Trump After Being Appointed The New President 

Dani Daniels Tongue Fucking Abigail Mac In The Ass 

Hell I guess I'll cut my damn phone off this shit hea pathetic af

Why can't we all just stick to barrel bombs, vacuum rockets, cluster bombs, and phosphorus weapons? 

if this was onscreen i just hit a fuckin nasty ass clip...

"Money is a strange thing. It ranks with love as our greatesr sourcevof joy, and with death as our greatest source of anxiety.

It's hard to sit still and do nothing today, making it extreme... More for Gemini 

Trump needs to fucking stop 

Hillary Clinton calls for US to bomb Syrian air fields hours before Trump does exactly that - Raw Story 

Fans Are Wondering Why SELENA GOMEZ Ended Up In Rehab. This Is The Real Reason 

You're dirty and ugly and out of fucking line. 

  stop sleepin in success...LETS GET IT! #GoodMorning #CEOApproved #CEONightLifeEnt… 

Massive well done to Ben Robinson who last night won York disabled sportsperson of the year. 

Ive thought a lot about we, as a nation, need 2 political parties..this is our country, we all want 2prosper, why cant we agree on anything?

I know, he's fucking garbage 

All I know is that the video for sign of the times is going to absolutely fucking kill me    

His gaze shot right to eyes, staring her dead in the eyes and chuckling a bit. "Well you've got one now." 

CrossBox Fitness Journal: Training des Tages Donnerstag, 170330 - CrossBox Fitness Journal 

The BLÖ "structural defects" (global) (step one) (work in progress) #oilpainting #acrylic… 

It's going to be Eric Gordon, right? *whispers should Austin Rivers get some votes? 

Wait a second this whole month has been #AthleticTrainerAppreciationMonth well thank you for everything you do… 

aoibh does this thing where she stops fucking answering me out of nowhere and just goes to sleep and it's annoying

Ill get in the water at the beach but the minute something touches my feet, that's it. I wanna go home

I believe in the life-altering power of listening to 'Rock Your Baby' on repeat 

I will be at WonderCon tomorrow and Sunday! Taking care of some things today. I'll try and let you know a time and place for photos~  

I binge watched all of 13 reasons why today (except for the last episode) we can say today was super productive

I dont know if i can finish an all shrines run today but i want to play. stream and possibly disappoint people or just do offline???

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

THERES NO FANS IN THE FUCKING WOLRD LIKE US EVERY EVENT IS A RIOT FROM NOW

Well this has escalated to gang bangs and cuckolding...coz that's you, dear husband   

Whats the fucking point of applying for a job if you don't even wanna show up. You applied for it and work is work. No work ethic now a days

Today my apartment complex has been handing out free beer all day since 8 this morning!   happy #Nationalbeerday

Brazilian Girl fucked in doggystyle in shower 

One of my gymnasts came up to me hugged me and said "I could hug you forever. I missed you so much"  my heart

I wish I could at least have a window, I am starting to forget what it looks like outside #wickham243

Dont forget to tag your pictures and news Sports Assistant UK members. Help us get you the exposure you deserve.

Big Halloween party comidg up. It's supposed to be 'Titanic' themed. So I figured i'd dress up as an iceberg and :rash the party!

If you believed Russia wasn't taking the elimination of ISIS in Syria seriously enough, what could you do? How would it look to an outsider?

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

3941 Go Here:  sex xxx porn naked girls nude women #Sweet boobs tits ass lesbian lesbians horny hot sexy teens #Play

Police officers was quick to find a nfl jersey but we still don't know who killed Biggie and Tupac  ‍

I THINK WE NEED TO INVESTACATE ALL THE OBAMA SHADOWS AT CAPITIAL HILL I BET ALL THE DEMS AND SOME OF THE REPUBLICAT… 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

He was gracious as well, she deserved a cold cock upside the temple. 

Thats pretty good for a “vernacular” member of a national party. Life should be hard for him :) 

18 degrees of sunshine in Amsterdam it is fucking beautifullllll

The PRISTIN fandom doesn't claim them and why would they compare two different things like Ariana is on another lev… 

fucking megavideo #ireland girll photo xxx 

my attitude on 1000 today for no reason and im getting attitudes with ppl for no reason   ‍  ‍ oops

All I look for in a man is to make me laugh, b loyal, get that $, smoke with me and make me cum. It's so simple.

Both parents referred to my unshaven legs as disgusting yesterday. Never shaving them again so FUCKIN SUCK IT.

Fetty Wap: ‘I didn’t even get to use no bed – I was lucky to have a carpet’ | Music | The Guardian 

Hungary, Iran to cooperate in joint mini nuclear plant project  #intelligence #security #war #international

13 year old Tatiana raising money for Lego for poorly children like herself in hospital. A beautiful star. Lovely t… 

I'm seeing psychiatrist next week, hoping he'll reduce Quetiapine by half to 200mg I was on 600mg, reduced to 400mg… 

Wall Vinyl Decal Quote Sticker Home Decor Art Mural  #etsy #giftforher #giftforwomen… 

A 100.0 Ariados has appeared in Hilliard Get there Before 05:10:01 (26m 0s). Ya Bums 

New HIT Open Source AI Platform Available on Azure HDInsight  #HealthIT #HealthITAnalytics

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

You're more interested in the act of creation today than you a... More for Gemini 

"What you wanna bet that you'll never find another? Like me, I'm once in a lifetime only get all of me once in you're life time"   

Point Of View Foot Sucking And Fucking A Shaved Pussy 

When your name is Reiley and every single person you've ever met in your life thinks they are the first to sing the… 

Texan Mom Gets Revenge on Her Former Boss – Wipes 30 Yrs. of Wrinkles and Dark Spots Away For FREE -… 

the level 99 one was so fucking bonkers it was glitched im fucking yelling

Triple H and Steph's entrance was bad ass af. The SOA fan in me was freaking out.

Now Playing Natty Rico, Craigy T, Nancy Shanks - No Apology #nattyrico, #craigyt, #nancyshanks 

Financial limitations can drag their negative consequences int... More for Gemini 

Politically expedient amnesia is becoming epidemic. Call the CDC! Wait...did their funding get cut too? 

#sc11ari22chipis26aqu24ari3 so pinkslug got flamingochick head, koalapaws, stickbuglegs, belly is slug. 

I do my best to help others in the community, but I prefer to do it for those who don't auto DM me and actually talk to me personally.

TONIGHT!!! SO EXCITED I can't wait      SATURDAY NIGHT SALSA PARTY in Kent at Rochester Dance Junction (kent's... 

Just get home, throw your stuff down, turn all the lights on, Skype your "boyfriend". It's totally fine. Not like I was asleep or anything.

Islamic training camps in America.  Sick bastard dems. #DNC #CNN #MSNBC -… 

I fucking hate stupid bitch ass dumb ass blowout fights

Disappointing display by Ulster tonight. Ref didn't make it easy but 2 points is a let down for them.

We host artist in our cafe. Two had never show work in public. Just seeing work on public wall 4 all 2 see. Empow… 

Man Stole Tablet From Huntington Station Target: Police  

Bought kkr wristband+tshirt+cap thinking to wear it today though my mom will call me mad  all the best KKR i love u… 

#SmartDubai launches #DubaiCareers, a smart and innovative method to connect all job seekers with Dubai Govt. entitie… 

People that invite them selves places bc other people don't invite them need to realize why they don't get invite and stop ty

One day me and my man was arguing and he gon say "well gon be with them broke niggas n have them cook u fake rasta pasta"

9JaMusicTrend : Kuwait shuts its oldest oil refinery  (via Twitter 

Former Liverpool FC owner in hospital after being beaten by burglars #LiverpoolFC  #liverpoolfc

okayyyy nowwwwww im mad nigga lmfaoooooo ew 

Although your intuition is functioning at a very high level to... More for Taurus 

On the way to Lancaster, PA to speak for Randy Clark's Voice of the Prophet's meeting tonight and tomorrow! Yay!!!

Carcasses Of 40 Cows Recovered From Vet's Farmhouse In UP  

U.S. coal saw a 14% decline in mining jobs from 2010-2016, while solar jobs increased nearly 300%. -Dept of Energy 

back the protection of sonal-but she is also done a henious crime-but to attached her name with anyone.for this she should be repentance.

I wanted to watch Attack on Titan season 2 when there's already 5 episodes available. Those spoilers on my feed are such a peeve though.  

Students share their personal surveys/graphs with their peers and explain what they learned. 

so last year was the first year my dad wasn't w/ us for Christmas and now this year my mom is going on vacation with her boyfriend.. got it

The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about.

You know you're fucked when you start considering donating Blood and Semen.

Click here for more Pictures:  Add me on snapchat: imjuicyass 

"Hey!" She covered her breast with her hand and her "womanhood" with the other, Her dark skin having blue swirls o… 

Only 10 DAYS left to support HeatherWalrondCompany's tour to Zimbabwe to perform 'The Rising' and teach workshops. 

#trend #news Superyacht built for sharing quintessential experiences at world class events 

Some days I want to rip everyone's fucking head off.. today is one of those days forsure...

MATTIS AIMS AT KIM Pentagon boss: N. Korea leader must 'be stopped’  

Thats the bag dropp off line for Delta... thats how "fast" they work here... 

Today is #WorldHealthDay with a focus on depression. Find out about signs, symptoms, causes and types of depression... 

harry: just stop your crying, it’s a sign of the times me: WE GOTTA GET AWAY FROM HERE WE GOTTA GET AWAY FROM HERE… 

How This Founder Turned Around His Failing Company Thanks to Smart Decision-Making (and a Duffel Bag Full of Cash) 

...woke up to bullshit, went to sleep to bullshit. today not the fucking day.

#fat boys porn life fucking college coeds 

I haven't done my make up since I got sick and I'm seriously about to do it at 10:42pm bc I miss ittttt

First Draft: Mitchell Trubisky: In his first draft Mitchell Trubisky; one of the top… 

 - Figure skating: Hanyu still hasn't found what he's looking for 

Or maybe people have them and they're just fucked up

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Good news is Baseball is back. Bad news is that we are stuck with this ESPN Announcer crew the rest of the year #StopTalking #OpeningDay

|#flashbackfriday  | "Life is a series of waves to be embraced and overcome." - Danny… 

I know that's what I'm sayin! Some people use this emoji ( ) to show laughter. 

Next week the League of Legends League is already starting! You can find the skillclasses here: 

DEAL DONE: Government gets backing from Nick Xenophon on tax cuts for companies with turnover under $50 million 

Love #travel and  cities? Discover the most beautiful cities in #Spain  

Looking at my phone this morning realizing how much of a fucking savage I am 

‘justice nightmare’_ 32 years in texas prisons after conviction voided - the new york times - 

When it comes to selling out lands of #Karachi both #PPP and #MQM were complicit in the last term when they were allies (2008-13)

Saudi Aramco Lowers Some Crude Pricing for Asia, Raises for U.S.  

You might be gleefully anticipating a day off, only to be conf... More for Aquarius 

It's 3 am and I had a borderline panic attack because of how smooth the trading places reference was in coming to America

I'm gonna miss my talented, amazing co-worker JessicaVomiero :'( every. single. day. 

My nose ring fell out in the shower and Alexis looked at me and said, "Steeny without a nose ring is a world I don't want to live in."

Dad Notices Son’s Face Looks Strange, Then Googles His Characteristics And... 

Your children will see what you're all about by what you live rather than what you say.— Wayne W. Dyer #quote

Anti-Donald Trump ads criticize Melania Trump for nude photos in bid for Utah's voters,.. 

How you gonna have a Go Fund Me page and then post that your goal amount isn't met like people have to help you? Grown ass man get a job  

MTV has removed gender assignments from their Movie and TV Awards. In related news: No one gives a damn about the MTV Movie Awards

It’s Official: Obama Presidency Had Worst Economic Growth in Modern Era – 4th Worst in History! 

This is so true! I try to follow this... Especially when it comes to what we say. Remember: Always say what you mea… 

We have a winner!! Congratulations to Josie and Scott for finding the EGG today!! The answer was: The Hanging... 

"Two Scariest Lies in Our World Right Now" Francis Chan from Doctrine Youth Study - Bluefish TV 

You are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel... More for Aquarius 

#ChristiansJOHN 14:18When I go, you will not be left all alone, I will come back to you. 

He manages to roast the President, the VP, the Sec. of State, Rev. Billy Graham, Charlton Heston, and Webster withi… 

busty nasty bitch like to be fucked anal 

yore being forced out because the council wont pay me housing benefit its not fair, well guess what life isnt fucking #panorama

#ForzaFriday is here and we're checking out #Forzathon events! Beam:  Twitch:… 

I cannot keep a fitted sheet on my mattress to save my life This week when I was doing laundry I just threw a blanket down temporarily

Kevin: Ok Nina starting s7 we're going to try bring Stelena back. Nina: Nah man, I'm leaving after s6 bc you're full of shit Nina saved us

KNOCK THAT EXPRESSION OFF YOUR FUCKING NERD FACE!!!

oh shut the fuck up you're so annoying 

Here's something: in the 214 districts w/ a GOP incumbent running in 2016, Trump's margin was bigger than the incumbents in just 27. (1/3)

Do you know how stupid you look that you can't recognize what's satirical and what's not you stupid fucking cuck? 

MAGA We will make America great again.Despite the Liberal snowflakes. All aboard the the Trump Train 

Damn Bro... that's fucked up 

Errors will mean that Chan will go behind Jin but ahead of Chen - Canada's 3rd spot still intact  #WorldFigure

     Both these young ladies are JRs. Question: would you advise or be ok with your baby girl… 

“The ear that listens to life-giving correction dwells among the wise. Those who refuse discipline despise themsel…” 

Focus of #TalMud er is Christ (hatRed of)  Americas New govt Church  

ZAYN Malik and Taylor Swift - I Dont Wanna Live Forever  #nowplaying #dagr8fm

Thank you to Pulaski County-Patriot for their support of the YEA program and Danielle Hiatt for serving on the... 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

I needed to hunt. I needed to run. I needed some fucking meat. #zombie #girl #Books #Author #kindle #me 

Idk what's wrong with the dms but it's annoying as fuck 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Taurus gang I'm really mad we gotta share April with these Aries niggas

This just killed me, my heart is beyond broken. Human beings are so disgusting 

Cheyenne Jewel fucked by another man 

me when I've been out since happy hour and have to be a person in the morning 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

can someone just distract me to not think about all those fucking things i have to handle

The right thing to do is to accommodate players from around the world, once every 4 years. That’s doable. No excuses.

Believing in the spinning ball of rock in a vacuum with curved oceans is pretty fkn stupid 

April 1! No joke! This year is moving fast! Yesterday was a day to remember and tomorrow is always a blink away.… 

Fuck you shoe pineapple pizza is fucking disgusting 

Hello everyone, have a great Thursday! Looking forward to reading your tweets :) >> Want this? It's FREE! 

Fan Appreciation Weekend | Photo by: ig:st.ev.e #stancenation  

Fucked around and messed with you now im playing for it.

one person followed me and 5 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Morning GM! I love my customers just like I love the toxic free Ingredients in our Locsuria… 

'We're a bundle of raw feelings': Quantum Tangle win Indigenous music album of the year 

Just watched #fishermentokings a documentary on the beautiful photography of Olive Edis. Brilliant and inspiring to watch  

Lmk what the fuck you'd do about it? You're disgusting and ur dick is ugly 

Skating on an elite center's line takes takes plenty of hard work and chemistry -  shotgun with Sidney Crosb...

Obviously everyone you disagree with on twitter is a manipulation bot and everyone you agree with is real, right? :p

The quality is actually so fucking bad 

Flyover at Washington Nationals <EMOJI>️ game yesterday . Rear plane piloted by former Wildcat  player Nate O'Kelly, coul… 

Headline should be 'Slag fucks ugly bastard off to go licking twats' 

We are the Hate Crew! We stand and we won't fall. We are all for none and none for all. Fuck you! We'll fight to th… 

You had an opinion? How fucking dare you?!? 

#Vancouver still number one in unaffordable #Homes:  #RealEstate 

America The Dead Survivor Stories three contains books five and six of the Series. #Preppers… 

Interested in a #job in #Thackerville, OK? This could be a great fit:  #Hospitality #Hiring 

I marched for years against Bush's illegitimate fucking wars. I was beaten by cops, spit on by so-called "patriots." So, yeah, I remember.

Improve #highered student recruitment campaigns this tool includes free planning guide. 

The app 8 ball pool I cannot win coz I zoom to see properly. If I play using my laptop still can zoom I still got chance to win.  

US Eco News - Five groups on Friday file paperwork to go public as market rally provides incentive 

Trump’s Support From Dems on Syria—Leaders criticize the president’s approval process, not his military action 

MUST WATCH: Bryzzo Souvenir Co is expanding - Chicago Cubs Baseball Update | CubsHQ 

2016-17 Battle of the Books The 2016-17 Lopez Battle of the Books was another successful celebration of reading!... 

I know how to drive "Stick Shift" and you can't handle a automatic. Fuck, now isn't that pathetic. You probley don't know how to handle dick

This is like when yosp chucked hello games to the wolves. You just don't fucking do that

What's​ a good mobile game with some kind of progression that doesn't require playing more than a minute or two at a time

My eyebrow lady is sick so she wasn't in but my eyebrows r so bad like I literally needed them done since last week

This is an easier decision when you weren't a one and done prospect to begin with. 

The Senate Could Go 'Nuclear' This Week. What Does That Mean?  what is the #gop master plan? Bent on destruction.

The only thing I'll say is there's no need to bring the other members into this. Tae and jungkook are grown ass INDIVIDUALS.

Damn that's just plain stupid!! 

Breakthrough in Israeli Coalition crisis; Broadcasting Corp to shed News portion. 

I'm torn between severely excited and severely depressed for the #BigLittleLies finale tonight. I don't want it to be done!  

I b fucking all the food up I'm not suppose to eat     ‍

Push up after the semi final, salute after final. Faisalabad players giving befitting tribute to Misbah 

Beats by Dr. Dre Solo 2 Wireless Headband Wireless Headphones - Rose Gold  

Snapchat stories made sense. Instagram stories I let slide. But Facebook stories is where I draw the line.

Someone tried to pickpocket my backpack, may have given up on finding #economist subscription backlog and beanie that says ALLERGIC TO IDIOTS

LIKE BITCH FUCKING LOOK AT YOU, YOU CALL YOURSELF UGLY GO CHOKE 

I couldn't get this a few years ago and I just tried it today and got it on my first try   it's… 

We went to The Flying Banzini and walked around Westboro for the day. I am so happy to be in love.   

Once i was lost and now i'm found And you turn my world around When i need i call your name MAYWARD GratefullyBlessed

That bitch got cholera told y'all she nasty    

Boy toy named Troy used it for that they don't play some fucking ha.

COMPARING TRUMP TO OBAMA IS LIKE COMPARING A MENTALLY RETARDED DYSFUNCTIONAL FRAUD WITH ZERO INTEGRITY TO A DIVERSE… 

Husband Goes Crazy When He Discovers His 19-Years-Old Wife Was Born... A MAN! 

I've been so angry with the state of the world lately. This is no way to live. Need articles from specialists on how to deal with it all.

Always a fun championship match up when both teams are in the bonus with 14 minutes left in the half

I hope a girl views me like this because damn am I ugly 

"i don't know isn't a viable response...intelligence" idiots

we didnt have yeast so i made cookies.. good news is i found a way better recipe bad news is we already ate all the choco chips

5 Attributes of the Super Successful  - Business Tax Center - Small Business Tax Center

Fancy telling us more about your #RunTogether group ? Then get in touch with us! We'd love to hear about your great… 

Seeing both sides of an argument is not a new dilemma for most... More for Libra 

MUST READ: OMG, You Won’t Believe What Happens When You Soak a Cotton Wool in 50% Alcohol and Place It Onto Your Bel 

#tips on how to #clean your house:  #carlosspaintingservices 

Idc who you are...you're lying if this isn't your face when the 877-cash now commercial comes on 

Festival of the Steel Phallus: Japan celebrates giant penises in bizarre yearly festival (VIDEO)  …

I fucking can’t. As soon as Vanoss got caught by Ohm, Delirious dropped the gamer name, screams EVAN!!!... 

I'm not afraid to motivate you but I'm not tryna be the only one doing the heavy lifting around here.

28000LM 11 x CREE XM-L T6 LED Hunting Flashlight 4 x 18650 Lamp Torch  

I recognize that i aint the best person but i swear i try to be. I just gave up on showin' people how i can be after everybody gave up on me

an unofficial list of things day6 invented - jaehp: - friendship - jeeps - the ocean - harmonies - dogs 

4 and 5 are invisible ink .but it says big breasted women and women with glasses   

Facing Death Threats And A Ban On His Novel, A Palestinian Author Flees  #Books

Fortune How the Trump Administration Is Trying to Revive Obamacare RepealFortuneTop White House officials met moderate and conservative Re…

OH MY FUCKING GOD IM SHOOK 

Everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci... More for Capricorn 

i'm actually sat here howling at gogglebox and i think this is how i'm gonna live the rest of my life

Your obligations weigh you down now when you would rather be f... More for Sagittarius 

me: why am i so fat me: eats 17 pizzas me: eats 49 tubs of ice cream me: eats entire family me: why

The Whitewashing in ‘Ghost in the Shell’ Is Even Worse Than We Thought  

In other news: I just learned that walking from the city hall to SM is a terrible idea...the hard way.

Government informs SC that it is not possible to include #Urdu for NEET 2017; SC to hear SIO plea on March 26… 

Just read about the Heroes 2.0 Mastery Taunts. How often do you ever have time to taunt in Heroes of the Storm?? What a stupid edition

gotta learn to say no because in the end i always end up getting fucked somehow

A disabled Air Force veteran needed a job. So Lowe’s hired him — and his service dog.  

Stay informed. Security Privacy and Wellness: Healthcare_IT_IS news centered around your peace of mind 

What's worse is one of the other hosts was like "I wanna open it to see what's in it."   I already knew.

Fresh snow being brought in for the Main Street/finish line. #vismaskiclassics #leviskiresort… 

Afternoon on the beach and family time in Normandy before taking the train to Paris to start the workshop. 

Autism Orgs: We love and care about autistic children. Those Same Orgs: ABA is a miracle! Plz teach your kids to not be murdered by cops.

Father have to work on the love aspect to couple with the wisdom. If you have neither, time to get to work.

VP recants confession, denies impregnating 16-year-old pupil  

Rejected baseball game ideas: Nolan Ryan's Punch-Out Mark and Jose's Juice 'Em Up David Ross Dance Dance Revolution #baseball #rejected

Followers - 2, Unfollower - 1. I didn't know it'd be this simple. Get your daily stats via 

A lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now. M... More for Leo 

REY Hidalgo/Pharr - Hidalgo: Hrs: 24 hrs/day 4/5/2017 POV Lns: At 1:00 pm CDT, 15 min delay 2 lane(s) open Readylane: At 1:00 pm CDT, 10…

Here’s a handy #checklist for when you’re #homestaging for potential buyers. 

#architecture #interiordesign #deco Home Is Where Your Yurt Is  

Reps love to blame the election year as the reason for the filibuster that stopped merrick from even getting a hearing after being nominated

The Gibraltar situation is a very convenient distraction for the EU during early days of Brexit. Expect much more dirty game play #Brexit

And as they stayed at Mar a Lago I can claim from you sad tax payers . More profit for Trump business . That's why… 

Artisan crafted Greenlandic green Sodalite. Silver setting on leather.  

lrt is...something that doesn't necessarily make me Angry when i can tell as long as the person is outwardly making an effort, but yeah

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

#10: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (With Bonus Content): Rogue One: A Star Wars…  #bestsellers

Pornstars Alexis Texas and Rachel Starr get fucked 

Cock sucking and fucking with anal creampie 

World: 'It went off the rails almost immediately': How Trump's messy transition led to a chaotic presidency - Wash… 

Did you see Blue mini butt plug £10 from badgurlaalyiah listed last week?  #usedpanties #pantyseller

Woman Injected Cement Into Her Face And This Is How She Looks After 10 Years! 

Changes needed. Can't be fucking arsed with these missed chances again and again. Mkhi so off today!

"Shed a thug tear when I found out Lil Buddie was snitching yeah it's still fucking with me"

he gave me this out of no where like omg I don't even get to see you like 1month already and then you came out from… 

harry ate 7 fucking bananas before a concert and threw up afterwards,, s e v e n,, someone help this boy

Three laps up a 21-storey flat. Dizzy and maxed out from all the turning in the same direction… 

all these people are screaming and I keep thinking it's Shawn but we all know that when he comes on they'll all be ballistic

Flying a drone and experiencing an 'out this world' virtual reality experience. Just another day at the office.… 

On fees for what ... it needs to be unambiguous. How for example do you avoid hitting tutors? Educational activitie… 

And you are the sole authority of who gets to use the road? Oh wait, no you're not. Share the road or turn in your… 

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

Nidoking IV:40.0%(8/0/10) Move Set: Iron Tail/Megahorn Available until 22:55:11 (25m 31s). 

Brunette Ex Fucked And Taking Cream Pie 

WAS SO ANXIOUS HE WOULD PULL A TAYLOR BUT YASSSS GONNA GET HEAR IT LEGALLY WHEN IT RELWASESBCJSK 

WTF is going on in this world!!! You just dont kill people , THATS IT! No killing period.               

These Photos Of The U.S. Presidents When They Were Young Are A Rare Treasure 

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 166 #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight 

LEEEEEEEEEEEEZ FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO BOYZZZZZZZZ FUCKING CAPTAIN TEEMO ON DUTY 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

Daytime Running Light Bulb-Long Life - Boxed Rear Eiko 4114K  

We're dead. We're all dead. Well done Leave campaigners, tabloids, you have officially destroyed the UK. There is n… 

Rick Ross went from being a corrections officer to rapper and defendant. Stay in school, kids. 

Have a wonderful weekend, whatever you’re up to!   #coaches #womenentrepreneurs 

We know who they are and we will get the proof! We won't give up! #FindTheLeakers 

Reza Aslan: Why I worry about Israel's future: I know better than most how unexpectedly a country can be changed…… 

Her Brother Died In A Car Accident. 10 Years Later Her Mom And Dad Tell Her A Secret On Her Birthday. 

2003's #boatrace was the greatest, and perhaps bloodiest, ever seen. One of its oarsmen now works in #privateequity… 

I just told this boy 2 hours ago I'm done with him. Now he want me to come spend the night. and guess what.I'm spending the fucking night!  

I will never forgive the grimace creature for what he did to mayor McCheese's wife Blarissa McCheese.

And if I want you there I would give you my attention soo be happy you get that cause not many ppl do   ‍ 

One of the greatest and original props ever. The Skyline Money tree. They are very rare and players literally... 

#állás DevOps (Linux OperationandDevelopment) (Debrecen) #job #hungary #monsterhu  

#PrayerTimes : The time for Esha has set in according to Vereeniging Local Time. Esha : 19:25 (31 Mar)

Me: You sure you don't want any food? Banks: No I'm good Me: ok if you're sure. Walking out: Dang that smells good I'm gonna get some.

New post (Eva Long and Leah Gotti enjoying cock fucking them both) has been published on  - 

Honestly, there's no point in looking how much I have in my bank account. It's all gonna be gone be because of all these bills. #Adulting

On acquiring spiritual discipline : Knowledge carefully selected and recorded is spiritually… 

More than a quarter of Britons have no savings whatsoever, with this rising to 37% for those aged 18-34,... 

If you can work in a slaughterhouse your fucked up..

No more boring showers! Entertains your little ones with awesome rainbow shower head!   Get it here >... 

Perky tits Sammi St Clair fucked in pov 

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF IM SCRWMAING AGIEMNDI FUCKING YES MY FAVES I 

I done threaded a thing on the 14 months I spent working for free as a games journalist. Hopefully this helps fello… 

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

I had a dream to rape a baby and be free from women – Infant Rapist  #9jafamily

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

We love our customers! It is the first Thursday of the month and we love to celebrate. #CustomerAppreciation… 

The use of words such as 'please', 'excuse me', 'I'm sorry', 'thank you', etc, at appropriate times work like... 

This could easily turn into World War 3 people in hours or days y'all better pay attention. 

There are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some... More for Pisces 

I DIDMT FUCKING SNORT IT WAS YOU 

How do you build a winning outfield? Mariners mixing up the blueprint  

Daniel Craig there didn't know the fucking words the melt  

Thank you Forefront Outfitters for donating a 2-day fishing trip for 4 at Williston Lake for this year's Sportsman'… 

WTF I'm screamingggggg what a nasty bitch 

#ProtectPeaceCorps just got a big boost. A record 175 House Members signed the Peace Corps Funding Dear Colleague Letter

Every CM should do What U.P's CM is doing in order to stop cow slaughter! #गौरक्षा_सबकी_जिम्मेदारी 

"you seasonal part time you get fucked up fucking with mine lil bitch!" -kashdoll  

12 People Admit To The Stupidest Thing That Has Ever Come Out Of Their Mouth. 

Gina Jones Getting Fucked And Eating Cum 

√ "Sympathy" Anybody Can Give You. But ...... "Jealousy" You Have To Earn It.       C.A. FARID. BATADA. 

85% of people have experienced a dream so real that they were not sure if it happened in real life or not

If the U.S. wants to cut foreign aid, it appears there is somebody else ready to pick up the slack. 

Beautiful here in Michigan today. Been outside digging up flower beds. Awesome neighbor gave us some elephant ear... 

You can arrive at a more accurate conclusion on your own than ... More for Taurus 

Me holding on to dear life    Can't be brave all the time. #daringgreatly #risingstrong… 

A Blowjob In The Kitchen And Fucking From This Milf 

... do we pander to millennials or make examples of them as 'lost' under HillBama? A) Note: Generation Z is with the counter-culture.

Lagging like fuck and all im getting is hitmarkers fucking stupid

I HAVE NO OTHER FRIENDS. I'm going to be pissed if I spent $200+ money for a dress and not have anyone go with me.

Good Morning, time to fill the pages of the things you're afraid to say aloud. cw #amwriting  

Stage Name: Jackson Real Name: Jackson Wang Date of birth: March 28th, 1994. Occupation: GOT7's Rapper 

#QuiddiCompare has just helped another happy customer from Birmingham,  #cleversearch #getaloan

some dudes really don't know how to talk to women. just be childish as fuck. nobody likes that shit bro.

How do look this nightmare of a photoshop job and think "yeah lets go with that one" 

Driving to St. Joseph, MI to perform at Czar's 505 but first having some issues getting in... #shortgirlproblems 

Plus ca change. "Nothing to see here. Move on. Lessons have [not] been learned." China anyone? 

What Trump should ask a brutal dictator as he welcomes him to the White House 

Dewsbury Rams vs Featherstone Rovers Rugby League Streaming – English Championship – 02-Apr  

Do any of my musician friends use Band-in-a Box? It looks like they have made some useful improvements. 

Stephen Colbert calls out Trump strategist Steve Bannon for his 'total cuck move' 

following an uprising that forced its longtime authoritarian president, Ali Abdullah Saleh, #YemenBleeds

| When bluntmoya does Great work | All I could do | was Appreciate and just Be | 

You understand the importance of striking a balance between pe... More for Pisces 

Should be live by 2pm Gmt-0 todays guys , sorry about the delay been a little busy working on some streasm stuff for you guys  

When you go out with your boy for the 1st time and he start going crazy at the club 

And more ! Thank you to all of you who came by to say hello and ask a commission, I love you ! #doingcomics… 

This new Chainsmokers album is overshadowing all my previous excitement over Harry Styles' breakout single. #sorryharry #chainsmokersare 

I was thinking today... Summer is exactly 11 and a half weeks away. So, I have that long to get… 

Take a 360-degree flat out ride inside the new Citroen C3 WRC rally car  #WRC #CitroenC3

“Come back with us. Tell us the whole story. We can help you here.” “What makes you think I haven’t told you the whole story?” #2bitTues

New trending GIF tagged sports, hockey, nhl, bowling, ice hockey, strike, bowling ball, ice bowling via Giphy 

50 FUCKING MISSILES THOUGH....... I foresee both my protest attendance and alcohol consumption skyrocketing

This week has seen the unvailing of Inlandsbanans new, modern train. Inlandsbanan's goal is to reduce the... 

She said you didn't have emotions, but if you really dislike me this much, you MUST still have some feelings! #XenonBot

"Sky Rocket Your Business With The Marketing Rule of 7" Learn more:  #marketing #smallbiz

We can't appreciate our guests enough for making Kingdom Invasion Uniben a success. God bless… 

we're walking back FINALLY AFTER LIKE THIRTY MINUTES and one of the boys throws a rock into the water to scare me and my ass DIPPED.

It's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate... More for Pisces 

ate my first eva pasty the other day and i loved it!!! it even had onion in it which I hate.... weirddd

IM SORRY I STARTED FUCKING DYING 

Hello Games blatantly lied about NMS EA said they'll fix ME:A with patches on the next months, pretty much Early Access I love video games

KARMA! IRS Commissioner Who Targeted Conservatives Isn’t Laughing Anymore, He’s Being Called to Resign or Be Fired. Why not Jail?

Vice made a 'European cut' of the Pepsi commercial ft a real protest.. think it gets the point across: 

OH SHIT HOW COULD I NOT THINK ABOUT THAT HAHAHA, BUT ITS PROB 8 BC WE COME PROB ON SUNDAY, BUT IDC WHICH DAY IM SO… 

friend: bro my grandma just died and my dog got cancer :( me: get ur negativity out of here pussy, chill vibes only    

*cleans every inch of house with all my might* Dad: So if you didn't have friends over, why is your 2nd PlayStatio… 

i will never understand why i set myself up to be fucked over

lemme start off with the chocolate cheeks and chocolate wings body roll im   

Timbuktu's Easter programme is now available online. Den building+survival skills are some of the many fun activiti… 

Dont even wanna go to work cause of annoying ass april fools jokes they are gonna pull

Gun totting Paki policeman beats up old man in the land of the Pure Sunni #kashmir 

PLAY #Casino - UP TO GBP200 WELCOME BONUS with #BetVictor -  

99% of scientists can't explain why I look so cute right now even though it's 5am and I haven't slept

Why the gender wage gap might ruin the future U.S. economy #EqualPayDay   FastCompany

Education levy: Dickson, Labour meeting ends in stalemate - Punch Newspapers -  

13" Chinese Buddhism Brass Seat Happy Laugh Maitreya Buddha Hand Ru Yi Statue  

Shirt Sonoma Medium Long Sleeve Women's Very Light Lemon Color RN 73277 #manpatreasures #gre 

#NBA Wire: Masters 2017 odds: Rickie Fowler is the new favorite to win Augusta  

Wait y'all cashing out on niggas and not getting nothing in return but a decent conversation and slightly hard penis ?

Charles Darwin " Beagle" 5F replica. Model is built with all interior.Built by hand from… 

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

UFO sighting on right hip. Has been there for about 37 years and is presumed to be be nein. 

Kirkland WA USA - Food and Beverage Supervisor - Columbia #Hospitality Values Sincerity Enthus...  #JOB #HOTEL #WORK

Busty Latina Slut Gets Fucked And Jizzed In Her Face 

When Joe notices my mutuals it makes me so happy because I know that they're happy and that's always great   

Secretary of Homeland Security says DHS won't separate families at the border  

Girls, stop getting bee tattoos and start doing things to help save the fucking bee population

no one knows what they are doing in New York State health , call 1-855-355-5777 and then call call 1-800-505-5678, no wonder trump tried

#architecture #interiordesign #deco This New Electric Bike Was Designed With A Portable Battery… 

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

YOU BOUTA GET BLOCKED. NO ONE IS RUDE TO MY FRIENDS. And you just really triggered me by being rude to Daniel. 

You fucking one person or even If your attention is just on them.. Don't switch it up and make that person look foolish.  

What a great night the Cardiff Music Awards was! Thanks to everyone that came, here's a piece by the Cardiff Times! 

“One special advantage of the skeptical attitude of mind is that a man is never vexed to find that after all he has been in the wrong.”

Russian investigators confirm subway bombing was a suicide attack  

I'm running on like 30 minutes of sleep and I'm so fucking hyped 

...our children are people who have an inner life and need diverse experiences just like anyone else." ~ Sallie Bernard, Founder

This is not okay. Why are the students just there not doing anything to help the teacher? 

Why does she have to be so extra tho? Alright one slap and that's it but knowing he's not gonna do anything don't a… 

So Wale put fish and grits with Travis Scott on his new album.. like the song didn't leak on the fake Travis album last year  

this bitch's hair is fading and her roots are tragic   

yugy-uhm: yugyeom: his brain: grab yo dick n make everyone nut even tho they’re all tired of it yugyeom: k 

this lady in front of me was driving so slow and swerving her car, she was eating a sandwich, A SANDWICH. WASNT EVEN WATCHING THE ROAD

A is for Apple April 1, 1976 The Apple Computer company is formed by Steve Jobs and Steve…  

A fire-damaged Chelsea tractor stood at the foot of Staner Court, overlooked by large cracks. I sighed deeply.

You may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power,... More for Virgo 

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

25th Anniversary of the Light-Life Acu-Vac Coil by Colorado Inventor Slim Spurling: IX-EL… 

Axiom: premise; postulate; self-evident truth #word #vocabulary #interesting  

SO !, What USA State Is Most Likely To Be Hit From A Air strike From Russia and Syria !???, Hope They Don't Hit The Popeye's Chicken Here !

When God brought His people out of Egypt He was asking whose in! Put all your mothering chips on the table, go for… 

We thank President of the United States, Donald J. Trump for recognizing the importance of organ, eye and tissue... 

Spanish Badminton Star Carolina Marin Advances to India Open Final: Spanish shuttler… 

if u ever need ship plots, thats all i fucking have on that blog,

one time i seen a movie where this lady had tits that had like teeth ? and when she had sex .. her tiddies teeth would basically fucking +

Good judgment comes from bad experience and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. #ALDUBxDTBYSabotahe #DTBYSurprise

1.if you ain't praying for me 2.paying for me 3.spraying for me then I can't fucking withcha

#NowPlaying Joy Peters - Don't Loose Your Heart Tonight | Radio ITALOPOWER! | 

[ 60% OFF ]  #Sterling Daimi Pearl Ethnic Earrings Real 7-8 Mm / 8-9 Mm White Pearl Earrings… 

To be majority leader if he changes the rules to allow confirmation w/ a simple majority. If R's can confirm with 51 so can D's and that...

I guess I value practicality, 'okay you've highlighted a potential issue now let's work on fixing it any suggestions?' That kinda thing

10 X Super Bright White/Amber 6-LED Flash Emergency Hazard Warning Strobe Lights 

WWE WrestleMania 33: Roman Reigns Beating The Undertaker And Scenarios That Might Break Twitter - Forbes 

Shona: "Gav film me I wanna show how ur boaby makes me feel via dance" Me: "oh right" My girlfriend, everyone.   

That's really sweet. Thank you for that. But I'll be fine, just wallowing in my frustrations for a bit. I'll get up… 

1992: The USS Missouri, the last active United States Navy battleship, is decommissioned in Long Beach, California. #otd #tdih

If there's one thing you can count on from Persona, it's the music. The vocal songs do not disappoint so far.

Of course not. Most of the men always make a girl think that he like her. The reality is they just looked without intentions.

Listening to the #NC house livestream on the "repeal" of #HB2 that doesn't protect trans people. What a political clusterfuck.

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I been at school , work , home, do homework, sleep, wake up and do it all over again Monday-Friday ... I need this weekend off  

#HappySunday. At this point, it looks like a Sunny  Day with a few clouds. Enjoy! 

COLDPLAAAAAAY HUHUHUHUHUHU FUCK MY LIFE    mah heart mah soul!!

My first Wood Anemones in the garden /'vitsippa' in Swedish/ #flowers #spring #springtime 

I'm having my worst back flair up since I broke my back and it genuinely feels like it did when I broke it

Things start to make more sense and it seems like the answer t... More for Aries 

⌂❋ THE LIMITED M/L IVORY OPEN WORK SHEER COTTON ROUND NECK 3/4 SLEEVE TUN... Going Quick!  

Fucking A Friend After the Gym 

What's better than seeing your gf/bf #naked/#nude? The answer is watching this video:  

thanks for this stream, good to see guys playing that rememeber them as Juniours progressing #EPLXX17 

Queen of the Dessert 2017-a classical romantic love story of a British woman. Watch trailer  

Family like function Rogue (Earth-616) Like a father -chaos 安達愛美 (Scarlet Witch) Like a big bro -time (cont) 

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

Watch Colchester United - Stevenage Borough livestream  #live #stream #watch #online

Mariska Hargitay and Ice-T Filming a Muslin and Immigrant Ban Protest Scene for Law and Order: #SVU 

I just checked in at PNC Financial Services with #mPLUSPlaces Download today! 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Caretaker Did THIS To A 94-Year-Old Woman For Feeding The Dog With Human Food 

Thanks to a neighbour who is too drunk to find her keys, so her friend kicked the windows in of her front door. I'm awake again    

PITTSBURGH PIRATES VS. BOSTON RED SOX – 4/5/2017 FREE PICK and MLB BETTING PREDICTION  

Just enjoy your smooth night with #eurovision #music and Louisa Baileche singing Monts Et Merveilles (2003 France) 

I'm not sleeping cus my logic is that when I sleep I have to wake up and when I wake up I have my Irish oral

A man fell asleep with his #iPhone charging in bed. It nearly electrocuted him.  #Apple

M.T.A. N.Y.C. Subways: A Train normal services resumed at Jay St.-Metrotech #traffic 

please point to me where about in the fucking MANGA the BEAST titan frolicks in a fuckin field w/ a flying whale and a fuckin DINOSAUR u FOOL

Silly Billy Hair Salon: Styling App for Kids #Education #Family |...  #iphone

Just a bit of cloud and 10 degrees tomorrow so hopefully, conditions will be very favourable for another lovely parkrun tomorrow morning  

fucking me dogie style your view 

You're just too good to be true, Can't take my eyse off you, You'd be like Heaven to touch, i wanna hold you so much.

Go listen to trippy and D haze in my page    go check it out its fucking       

Cancer .....this crappy disease has killed too many people that I loved....unlike others this will be a small... 

"Ur politics arent the same as my politics, u belong in jail!" Said 3/4 of americans in the last 2 decades. Dumb and dangerous direction.

Even if he's real, God isn't a culture. This would in fact be IP theft if it wasn't very, very much public domain b… 

Dell powerbank that charges the new #xps13 and other notebooks. 18000mAh.  

When your homeboy(s) say you fucked up, you really fucked up

Winder-Barrow Blanks American Heritage To Reach NHSI Semifinals  

okay = everything's cool. okay? = you make no sense. okay… = you're creepy. okayy = i don't care. Okay. = i'm so pissed off.

I've just watched episode S01E04 of 13 Reasons Why!  

SocialOomph for manage twitter auto updates, try it on  #SocialOomph #manage #update #twitter 

1st of April, april fools or in poland the day when you throw water at women...my family loves traditions so im abit fucked for the day

Relaxing for a minute after my Friday morning workout. Keg loads for intensity and time, farmer… 

isn't college the time of your life where you supposed to get really skinny and artsy?? why am i still fat and uninspired

Cummings And Pulsating Like Crazy 

#intel SmartZip Acquires Reach150; Receives Investment from Toba Capital  #tech 

new RT farooqrajjjja: #KarachiStandsWithMalikRiaz There’s no one who has worked as hard as you have in the years.

Nearly men Henrik Stenson and Dustin Johnson eye Masters glory #LeeWestwood #DustinJohnson #DustinJohnson… 

We are very excited to announce our RocketLeague roster ahead of the Gfinity Elite Series! #RedArmy Read more: … 

How a Great Kitchen Almost Got Nancy Meyers into a Car Accident  #celebrity #gossip… 

Please RT! #recipes #food #dessert Chicken Bacon Ranch Casserole (video!)  

If I get pikin like me wey dey use idle time lose ceiling fan then I will engage u 

We've come this far, let's work hard till the very end. If we work together...everything should be all right... That's what I believe.

RICK AND MORTY IS GETTIN ME ALL SORTS OF FUCKED UP TODAY

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

I hate a person that assumes shyt like come fucking ask me to clarify I ain't gone lie to you dumbass   

Alotta Niggas Hate and Sneak Dissing But I Missed Dat  Catch Em In Traffic He Swear    He Ain't Wit Dat

Mundo Deportivo report that Deulofeu will be Barcelona's first signing for next season. They've taken the decision to repurchase him.

#FinTech "Trump, Asked About Accusations Against Bill O’Reilly, Calls Him a ‘Good Person’" by JIM RUTENBERG via NY… 

Egg freezing gives you a path to preserve your fertility now for a family later.  #ATX… 

Dumbass  just cant fix stupid 

Trust pays out £350,000 in 19 'secret' agreements over 2 yrs (and 2 recipients immediately employed again) #EdReform 

Despite lots of chances and a late goal from Phanuel A. (Sol S. w/ the assist), boys soccer dropped a tough one tonight, 2-1 at Hazen.

As they took their seats and the safety bar was placed, the ride started. 'This was nothing,' Chanyeol thought because really, he rode this-

Just in! We have recently added a 2005 Dodge Ram Pickup 2500 to our inventory. Check it out : 

NO SALE - NO FEE. You have nothing to loose. Contact the Troys Sales Team 734488... 

Listen, many things that are genuninely wise, good biz moves, profitable, important and benefit people also result in liability for damages.

people need to learn how to step in and fucking help 

Left my house feeling good looking good and all of a sudden my eyelash is poppin off and I forgot deodorant. My life

05/04/17 - A lot of cloud but some sun and remaining largely dry. Max 13c Wind NW 13mph Chance of precip: 0% Min 4c

I hurt these hoes feelings cause I know they be lying and fucking and I make em   pay and don't give up the dick .… 

Many feared dead in Indonesia landslide -  #news #tintuc24honline 

Part of the reason why I won't be touring so much anymore. Personally a 3 day tour costs almost $2k plus rent for a… 

#hardcore porn clips nigerian girls fucked pics 

China To Develop Asia's First Vertical Forest That Turns CO2 Into 132 Pounds Of Oxygen Everyday 

What the fuck is this Cashmere cat has lost it this is so annoying. Thank god Ariana wasn't in this song 

Lose my blood echoes every fucking five minutes can't be assed with that

[ON AIR]Political analyst Sanusha Naidoo says everyone that came out yesterday expressed dissatisfaction with the president and not the party

idiots and dangerous murdering liars 

 : #WhiteSmoke #Syrian - #White smoke signaled gas attack on Syrian #town 

my coworker is fucking dipping this roast beef lookin shit in guacamole i'm disgusted

what people don't get is that you've to talk to someone. You've to say how you feel even if those thoughts are fucked up. JUST TALK don't

Good turnout and good questions after my speech on Canada-China relations at the Harvard Club of Québec at lunch today

Can't have asked for a better bracket. Had Oregon, Zags, and UNC in the final 4. Had Zags/UNC in the final. Just need UNC to win it all.

Swinger husband tapes his wife fucking a friend in the forest 

You got me fucked up if you think you gonna talk to me when you wanna   stg <EMOJI>️

What I'm now reading. Beginning chapter 1. The introduction has my undivided attention and I can't wait to dig dee… 

03-31 Alpine village surrounded by colorful woods in autumn... #izola  #izola

Don't come at me sideways with a stupid ass question unless you tryna make me come for ya life.

that I was dead set on the idea the the movie beauty and the beast was going to be some sort of message FROM or ABOUT Mahsa.

She done stepped off the bench and coach ain't put her in the game Now it's a foul Too many players on the court

Obviously, it was racism that made #SusanRice unmask political opponents. She never got her 40 acres and a mule, what else could she do?

Lines Area these is one big garbage graveyard. No prpr water distribution, choked and boiling gutters, no playground.

I have a huge question but I don't wanna tweet it here. Gnight tho, really trynna get a video up tomorrow!

Stopping 500px in 2017 It’s basically something similar to blog post. Without it, I will need to link up my wordpr… 

IF I PUT MY DAY OFF AS SUNDAY DONT FUCKING PUT APPOINMENTS ON SUNDAYS

Secret Garden Party reveals first wave of dance acts for last ever festival: Secret Garden Party…… 

Epoca number 4 for jcgouin This is TT60 model. Color render just been confirmed. Custom… 

He felt Steven’s messy hand clinging onto his own, and his eyes began to feel heavy - the room around them soon became surrounded into darkn

Baby Newborn Safety Float Ring Neck Bath Inflatable Swimming Circle Aid Toy Hot  

People mad about the #Pepsi ad but I'm like who the hell drinks pepsi

ppl are dying and u think NOW is the time to bring that up... she wouldve done the same thing if she had the time ...

Desus and Mero discuss Trump's strange speech at a women's empowerment panel:  

Just look at John McCains face! Always looks MAD, folks in Arizona it's time for McCain to go 

Butterfly Etched Copper Necklace, Butterfly Jewelry, Antiqued Copper Necklace, Butterfly Necklace, Boho ➤… 

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

You don't want to take anyone's word for anything today. You m... More for Aries 

Problem with these POTM cards on Ultimate Team is that they've all been strikers or forward players, getting a bit tedious now

#Good #Deal #Nike AIR JORDAN #Retro 10 CHICAGO WHITE CRIMSON BLUE BLACK 310805 114 SIZE 13  

Oh... Sadio Mane is seriously injured? Oh dear. It would be terrible.... if.... someone sang a song about it!!!      

Are you fucking kidding me you insane fucks 

Brother Of Kim Kardashian Look-A-Like Social Media Star Confesses To Killing Her For Being Disrespectful 

Luxury In The Mountains! Montebar Villa By JM Architecture  #stupidDOPE 

Stupid ass dude screaming at babies 

When you secretly hate how fucked things got between you and another

NWT COACH BROWN BLACK SIGNATURE BLACK LEATHER SHOULDER TOTE CARRYALL BAG PURSE  

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

If i only have the means... I will surely travel the whole country with my one and only and my family... How I... 

Bluedio Bluetooth TE 4.1 Wireless headphone Builtin Mic Sweat Proof--Original--  

Stud blows load for ass fucking 

Today's song - after a bit of dwelling really began to open up a good place in me.  

What hairstyle should I have while preparing for JEE Mains. What the Frick frackin fuck! Idiots like these is why… 

 ~ "heeeeyyyy stinkkkkk" (your voice) bitch i fucking hate you  but it's rl anything for you!

John Elway 1997 Starting Lineup Denver #Broncos Kenner Sealed Original  #Collectibles

maaaan, I was FUCKED UP dawg   

We do a little spring cleaning this #TBT and salute the automatic car wash! Paul’s Automatic Speedy Best Wash in... 

BlackTradeCircle  RT #immodernAfrican #blacks #BlackGirlMagic 

every1 else considers me kind of a tomboy so i guess that's good? idk i feel guilty for painting my nails using pastel colors and make up ha

Syria chemical ‘attack’: Russia blames rebel weapons on the ground  #Trump #TrumpTrain

All real-time data will give you is how you're doing RIGHT NOW- not useful if RIGHT NOW is an aberration from the norm. Needs context. #dcde

I swear this particular presidency makes me question and reassess this whole democracy thing sometimes    

[World News Update] North Korea fires another ballistic missile, South Korea says - Los Angeles Times  | Visit jobw…

I gotta quit just going through life eating tator tots and fucking around

Twelve of the arrestees had a conviction for driving under the influence, a crime that New York City Mayor Bill... 

You can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo... More for Virgo 

THE NETWORK NAZI HATE WE THE PEOPLE MEDIA ,,,want war with RUSSIA ...WE DONT ...TRUMP DONT

is it weird that i can't watch another show since i've started skam it's like so good and i just can't watch anything else

Million Reasons was released 6 months ago today! - #4 Billboard Hot 100 - Top 10 HAC radio hit - 1.2+ million pure… 

I'm dead.... i still can't wake up on time or even hear my alarm clock and its like what. 3 weeks left?

when his big mouth and belly didn't allow him to get the Thwake dame on course... Pathetic water Cs. 

"In democratic societies, each citizen is habitually busy with the contemplation of a very petty object, which is himself." - Tocqueville

Love the fact that I have three kids but my stomach only looks like one   I'm really going in a strict diet I want NO stomach

These two things are linked. Americans are fat, unhealthy, and demand a lot of expensive medical care. 

No you poor misguided fool. #Russiagate investigation will find the TRAITORS. #DumpTrump #DontheCon… 

Jeasus fucking christ I didn't say that omg 

Watching this movie is better than watching #milf porn:  #LOL 

Full Body Shiatsu Massage Chair Zero Gravity Recliner w/Heat Stretched Foot Rest  

Just looking at these courses, here they all are, the little additions i'd buy along the way of living in life, mainly format type courses

Saying 'economic majority', doesn't simply make it so. There's the actual majority that you need to consider.

Wells Fargo on Tuesday said it has fired four current or former senior managers amid the U.S. banking giant's internal investigation of a

Register for the ONS Economic forum in London on Thursday 6 April 2017: …  

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull to discuss with PM Narendra Modi opportunities for collaboration 

In 2015 I hooked up w this random tinder chick while my homies stole hella food from her fridge and that's why my 2016 sucked

Easter is coming this way   Which means writing for Camp Nano and eating chocolate : perfect… 

He has existed our wives, ravaged our daughters, burned our proletarians, and destroyed the prostitutes of our wives.

The price of backbiting and slander is heavy - the rewards of one's deeds go to those one backbit or slandered. 

I have 17 new followers from Burundi, and more last week. See  

Terminator 2 will be back in theaters, this time with a 3D upgrade!  Sí!!!!           Pedazo post3D q hizo en Titanic

Karina getting fucked by Hunter! 

To all who had a hand in #KaliefBrowder whole case I put the color purple  ️finger curse on you .. disgusting

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

The healthiest competition occurs when average people win by putting in above-average efforts. - Colin Powell

There are many systems: Scalping,Swing, etc. but they also have many flaws. News Robot is the best way to make much money! #OnlineTrading

"I don't give any shits, fucking skip class." 

Bugatti Chiron: World Premiere ? Press Conference Geneva International Motor Show 2016  

When home from work, gonna stream my ugly ass until bedtime

Social Marketing – Are You Spending Your Time In The.. #Blog #Social #Americans 

Don't exercise your freedom of speech until you have exercised your freedom of thought. - Tim Fargo #quote

FUCK LISTENING TO THIS IS RUINING MY MOOD I HATE TRUMP I HATE AMERICA

Jackson is on power in his "capacity as the chief whip of the ANC", can someone invite him tomorrow night as Bra Jack

Concert soundboard action. This is where the magic happens that isn't on stage 

Off to watch 13 reasons why and then finally sleep after being awake for probably around 30 hours or so, hope you all have a good one :)

I should take an extra 5 min on my lunch for the inconvenience of me having to work on such a beautiful day.

#SKAMSEASON4 Clip I wore glory Take out and perform beyond description ...     ⁦

I had to defend 2 players I hate for the sake of ball. (LeBron and Russ) LMFAO niggas say anything. Just say you don't like em. Don't be dumb

Why do I get friend requests on fb of people I don't know also weird bloody men asking me 2 add them fuck off!!

Ridiculous. Glad to see rebuttal in article. Marvel executive says emphasis on #diversity may have alienated readers 

A 42 y/o #Kamloops man arrested and facing drug trafficking related charges. DETAILS: 

French's Ketchup Just $0.48 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** French's Ketchup Just $0.48 At ... 

So proud of this! #primalhealthcoach #certifiedhealthcoach #holistichealthcoach 

If libs who want to impeach the president are going to be cast as Pence supporters than what are those who *don't* want to impeach Trump?

FUNDAMENTALS? How about college refs making fundamental 'pushing/shoving' calls after the missed free-throws?! #NCAA #MarchMadness #UNCvsORE

Fucking Like A Frank Roast - Burstpussy(dot)com -  Like A Frank Roast - Burstpussy(dot)com 

I have been on Twitter for 2 years, 6 months, 13 days (since 17 Sep 2014). And you? 

Federal Court Permanently Bars California Man From Preparing Property Appraisals  #US #Law… 

In that case *He grins * Better have my phone too right?! To show him your and my rp accs * SMIRKS * 

Iran sentences man to death for insulting Islam after promising pardon if he confessed 

Black Saturday survivors receive payments totalling $496 million  (News) #brisbane #qld

Had a wonderful tour today with a group of 20 guest from all over, England, Canada, and 6 different states. Thank... 

Film criticism that relates films to other films or filmmaking conventions is getting stale. Purge the metacinema poison from your mind.

I hate ugly twins  ... bitch how you ugly twice     ‍

Polonia with entrepreneurial spirit. Polamer -amazing company with great growing potential. Visiting Connecticut wi… 

BEER BROS: Three years of radicalness, King Harbor Brewing celebrates its third anniversary 

Mountain Monday! Mt Hood is the only place in the lower 48 where you can ski year round! 

Urgh I did a miscalculation and bought the wrong thing and now I have to do a people-ing to rectify the thing. I am not amused at past MJ

I ain't bout to keep going back and forth I'll block ya ass and make you look from another page   ‍

If god is the creator he must have also created evil and therefore can not be held blameless 

Reminder: 75% of these "global payments" are CHN/CHN or CHN/HK. Subtract these "international payments" and China c… 

BITCH I REPLY TO IANS TWEET YESTERDAY THEN TODAY HE RETWEETS IT, BITCH HE SAW MY REPLY TO IT 

today was such a great day. everything was so overwhelming. got to meet some of you guys  and took pictures hihi

The idiot could've called it ANYTHING. decided to call cat a CAT. what a

Bridgette Kerkove Ass Fucking Bitch at Vidz 

put a human in that situation and youll realize how torturous it is. fuck that im not paying ppl to neglect and abuse animals for my convenience

Easter Banksy I entered Banksy in a cute dog picture contest. Please vote for him!! 

Everyone seems to have things to do and places to go. Meanwhil... More for Libra 

Wow! I just entered for a chance to win "Single Serve Brewing K Cup Coffeemaker" by Aicok.  #giveaway

InsideSales expands chummy Microsoft relationship with new Dynamics platform integration  

Congrats to our Freshman Orchestra who received a gold rating at the ISSMA Contest! 

Oh whatever happens pls don't let that Gook Doo's ex Hee Ji (n Bong Soon oc) get caught by that criminal noo coz it'll be too sad  

9 College Students Reveal The Craziest Thing That Ever Happened In Their Fraternity Or Sorority. |

My Cum Slut Gets Blasted on Tera Online 

Access Staffing is hiring a Help Desk Analyst in Floral Park, NY #job #Must #have 

OES data highlights - An Overview of U.S. Occupational Employment and Wages in 2010 

No matter how much black ppl try to convice themselves that this is not abt race, whites knw this is abt race #PeoplesMarch

Now the adverisers don't want their ads on shitty vids, and pull the plug. 100s of millions less revenue, killing all creators. Well played.

Now that the worst day to buy a home has passed, it's safe to give me a call.  

Kendall Jenner's Ankle-Wrap Shorts Will Make You Rethink Your Basic Cutoffs  

Assistant Nights Manager - Grantham - Social Care Job Description - As Assistant Night Manager you�ll support the... 

Once a Panther always a Panther..condolences to the Lowery Family..Your story will never be forgotten... RIP Courtney Lowery Jr.

Larry, Curly and Moe impersonate college professors while Swinging the Alphabet 

Bitches don't know if they wanna hate or be friends   ‍

Matthew Guy on coal 'kept in the ground for sake of ideology.' I think you'll find climate actually is about science 

Boring content laden down by boring white opinions. BUT ALSO EVERYONE, HATE THAT AWKWARD WALL OF PHOTOS WITH ME. So… 

Hooomygawd    Imma Be Fucked Up On Easter Sunday After #Project1KVol2

Amitabh Bachchan inaugurates new CBFC office in presence of IandB Secretary Ajay Mittal  #kashmirtelegraph

Rebecca please just fuck off, do one, just get lost! Take you and your unborn baby and go away; just hanging round the Dales like a bad smell

Came off my bike and was treated in casualty and surgical assessment units. What a f 301 #northtynesidegeneralhospital

Major changes to drought conditions in southern NH. The area is no longer in a severe drought. #wmur 

These are the real fucking terrorists. 

These niggas looking for a handout. So fucking pathetic.

NWSSanAntonio: Severe Thunderstorm Warning including Brackettville TX, Fort Clark Springs TX, Spofford TX until 4:… 

Your obligations weigh you down now when you would rather be f... More for Sagittarius 

Horsley Tip closed all day tomorrow for emergency roadworks  #Gloucestershire 

#geordi3B0y Gearbox demands major changes from G2A, threatens to scuttle partnership if… 

Hey hey hey guys! TRUMP is the worst, #trump #impeachtrump #FBI #SteveBannon #THETRUTH you all a bunch of fucking i… 

Loved the Jesus-Gabe scenes tonight. Hopefully Gabe chooses to start taking his medication also. #TheFosters

This is hos bogus this is : If you can't win Just change the rules so you can 

WorldAndScience: Telescopes on the Moon | Space Time:  

we were 14 when we started dating these guys who were best friends who we went on to date for over a decade

Don't be so ignorant as to live today like u were promised tomorrow. The peak is ur goal but never forget to enjoy the view as u climb.

[LEGO Answers at Stack Exchange] What is TLC's (earlier?) andquot;obsessionandquot; with dragsters about...  #

just because I have tattoos doesn't make me a bad person. don't look at me like that. Lookin like the Grinch stole your dinner face ass hoe.

Radical concept: You can protest police violence and at the same time support and work with the good, nonviolent cops that keep us safe.

#NorthBergen comes together for teacher battling cancer.  

Catch the band Bloomer perform tonight in a free concert at the Light Up The Night! Performance Stage live starting… 

trump just bombed syria. my heartandthoughts go out to absolutely anyone affected by this. i'm sorry. i'm sorry he is our leader. i'm so sorry

EU Head Juncker Threatens to Break Up U.S. Over Trump's Brexit Support | Truth Revolt 

#stPetersburg is a beautiful city and is named after st Peter, the patron saint of 'tollerance… 

sometimes i sit in tuesday thursday classes and all i can think is "i really need a seventh inning stretch"

i thought it was a one time thing turns out it's a two time thing .. turns out THEYRE IN A FUCKING RELATIONSHIP WHILE LUKE IS WITH BROOKE??

(Wave) SWELL: 4.6 ft at 14.3 s WNW / WIND WAVE: 4.6 ft at 9.9 s W / WVHT: 6.6 ft / APD: 8.6 s / MWD: 282° / 8:16a PDT

Agree with me when I say da country has deep leadership crisis. Cabinet appropriation with no compensation. Zuma OMG 

I been sitting on this beat too long, time for a good mix. Instagram : mrsolowkey... 

#news Upgrading Your Armor In 'Zelda: Breath Of The Wild' Can Be Incredibly Tedious - Forbes 

Women's Basketball Banquet Scheduled for April 12th  #GSUEagles 

the #Congress did not stop #MBN from working, nor did it at least re-evaluate MBN’s programs after its repeated… 

Manchester United confirm midfielder Jesse Lingard has signed a new four-year contract at Old Trafford (ESPN)  #Soc…

Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken? #priceoffame #drama #filmgator 

War, after massacre staged by Putin to benefit DJT; idiots deciding

On the Arrival of YouTube TV (and the Gradual Evolution of TV as You Know It) 

im gonna start getting followers from one direction nd other band follow chains then introduce them to leftist politics

Hate somebody who never shut the fuck up and just listen

Surf's up. Riding the wave of televisual evolution. Grab your board, and the remote control.… 

Michel: I was always fond of having a dessert first day. Kasha: Is this a friendship or more than friends? (31… 

Happy Birthday to my dear wife Linda Walter Craven for the last 39 years! "Happiness is holding someone in your... 

Donalworld Women Hipster Fashion Flower Cloth Small Crossbody Purse Straw Shoulder Ba 

3rd T20I: Evin Lewis is man of the match for his brilliant inning of 91 of 54balls with 9 sixers and 4 fours. Pak leading series 2-1 #WIvPAK

Floor scores for the Bucks! Melton: 15.050!!!    Dastrup: 14.450 Martin: 14.200 Bonanno: 13.750 Delbridge: 13.600

Fight against something and we focus on the thing we hate. Fight for something and we focus on the thing we love. - Simon Sinek

Rehearsing tonight for our show on Saturday...what a great night for the band and long time fans! 

I'll stop talking to you if your mindset, actions and priorities are fucked up .

Sometimes I just wanna tell people to fuck off!!!!

"Sex Symbol Megan Fox Shows Off Her Curves In A Nasty Lingerie Photo Shoot As She Poses In New Ad Campaign 

prayers up to my Polish brother who is pretending to be hurt after he got his shit stuffed then crumpled to the floor in mock pain

How to improve your Relationships and empower your Self Esteem all at the same time. Obviously there are many... 

the Wikipedia word today is "Banbury story of a cock and a bull" : (idiomatic, obsolete, slang, Britain) A roundab… 

Some of the things i hear come out of their mouths is reatarded. Is it too much to ask for them to just be quiet and listen to the teacher?

“Suicide bombing has been reduced drastically” – Buratai  

5J: best seat on QF 747, due to awesome luggage bin. And no neighbours. Not quite a #misanthrope 

LOOOOOOL who's the fucking mong in the white hoody     #bludfambludbludbludfam 

if u are communicating sexually in any type of manner w a guy that has a girl and u go around bragging like it's cute u need to revaluate  

Should I be nervous the Globe just released a Florida edition that the Bruins have made the playoffs?

U.S. Created 98,000 Jobs in March; Unemployment Falls to 4.5 Percent  

I'm already insanely obese but 6B is gonna make me have an aneurysm because of how well fed I'm gonna be 

Alien breakthrough as experts confirm bizarre 'UFO' radio signals DO come from outer space  

Mountain of Fire pastor arrested for duping a widow in Lagos (Photos)  

Republicans starting to get GUTS, do not let Dumos force Repubs to RESIGN,Demos would tellRepub to go to hell before resigning REINGSTATE

    nigga was getting filthy on they ass 

Fucking, sucking and cum eating girls film 

You are a bonified fucking moron.If someone ENJOYS what they are doing, then quality, research, editingandcreativity… 

This is fucking bull. I reject this 

#yr Victor already knows Chloe did it , just like he knows about Kristin's paternity. Victor knows everything!!

Having some issues on my end. Trying to clear them up. Sorry for the wait guys. Hope to be online "soon"

This city can be a complicated place, but when #DC is great...it is really great. Going to miss… 

You may be not-so-secretly exploring a variety of strategies t... More for Aries 

They were retarded when they made snowplowing a gendered issue 

The subject of this article is a guy who's trying to help men with mental health issues and combat high suicide rat… 

The past couple of days have been terrible but somehow i managed to exist at the same time as Grant Gustin so that's pretty cool.

I want all the slim wimmenz out there to know that we love y'all fast metabolism always eatin never getting bigger, asses.

Just saw Beauty and the Beast again and I thought I recovered quicker this time but then I was scrolling thru my pi… 

A brief crash course of how the Democratic party came to be as we know it -- because context is immensely important. 

Home time! Show over, back next week 105.5fm or  from 8-11pm UK time #podcast will be up tom… 

#DawnStaley has built a phenomenal program! Congratulations to the #NCAAw #womenschampions 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

My amazing hubs bought me this BEAUTIFUL ring from an estate sale today! Not sure how old it is but it looks "Victo… 

Found a Transponder Snail! "I'll never forget you!!" Local cook sets sail!  #TreCru 

Every human being DOES decide for themselves what is good and evil; if you accept a religious teaching you still have… 

Pornstar Breanne Benson fucking machine webcam 

"Ex-Director of F.B.I. Is Picked to Oversee Takata Restitution" by HIROKO TABUCHI via NYT The New York Times 

Rosie O'Donnell, Trevor Noah, and Countless Others React To Donald Trump's Missile Attack On Syria - #Controversy -… 

#Yorkshire #landlords Quality Really Matters When it comes to your #inventorymanagement Call Us 01977 860006 Equity Inventory Consultants

With all the focus on quality def. players I think the depth at WR is overlooked. Lots of very good players down the board getting zero hype

When Im not with her I think about chilling with her but every time I'm with her,I have nothing to say to her and I don't wanna blom with her.

fuck chromebooks!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

I feel like we just celebrated NYE and now we bout to hit Resurrection Sunday. The time is zooming by man.    ‍

Researching veterans who are (or were) involved with comics. When did all of my assignments become so awesome? 

De Sofía al Cielo  Being a US military advisor is a lot harder than just teaching people how to shoot a rifle

This country is so fucking crazy, ugly plastic cups in luxury hotel because of kosher for Passover craziness 

President Trump simply donated his whole first-quarter wage to the Nationwide Park Service  

i was giving an Aquarius my time and loved it and then he did this nonchalant Aquarius thing and my Ego Leo said fuck no… 

Enter today to our Luxe Guilt-Free and Village Natruals giveaway Enter at 

LONDON (Reuters) - It's not banking or mining shares, but rather technology stocks, that have com-->

#Artrageous #ArtReach #ArtsRap #Rap I came up with a little somethin. Pretty cool having… 

Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police.

The fact that my man wants me to stay at home with the babies and not work is cool and everything but I miss being at a job!

It wasn't really a Hazard "masterclass", he got awarded a deflected goal, missed a penalty and barely scored the rebound. Did nothing else.

Just dealt with a drunk male causing a disturbance in #Sleaford. Now off to deal with an out of force request for a statement.

WHEN THE AIRPLANE LANDS WITH BROKEN WINDSHIELD ... THE CAPTAIN TAXIED "ACE VENTURA"… 

Stop.7.7ut this show Wait I'm confused is like ghost Hannah In his flashbacks Okay im fine I'm not crjtifnwhn

The Mean Wiener on #Yelp: California Double Dog - two Mean Wieners, tomatos, onions, pickle, sport peppers, fries, … 

Pink diamond auctioned for record $71.2M in Hong Kong  

Law and Order is for giving justice to innocents! POCSO law= INNOCENTs jailed! #RemoveUnfairPOCSOlaw 

#Rackspace Urges Texas Court to Throw Out Lawsuit from Former Customer. Read more:  $RAX

#livorno peepingtom #avidol fucking #deepthroat #sexo rearpussy 

Ex-Power Ranger sentenced to 6 years in fatal stabbing – ABC News 

Zuma's not so secret #nuclear deal using Russian tech and Gupta uranium proves he's corrupt #ZumaMustGo 

Well it's a good thing Sony didn't just fast-track a non-MCU version of that character  

i want to see what all the hype is about 13 reasons why but unfortunately my mom cancelled our netflix months ago. i am bitter.

    we ve a potential mess ahead. Unless somehow 1 wins pov and d replacement is Dillon and sum1 from le cinq wins… 

Video of babies being hosed down after a chemical attack in Syria playing on CNN right now. We're on the wrong side of history on this one.

We're excited to announce the #AutFest screening of #EvenInDeath, written and directed by filmmakers on the spectrum… 

So then she says "listen you little punk" andwithout missing a beat I reply "oh actually my name is Eric." The look on her face after that...

I hate niggas that will not admitt they're wrong  

i don't that's why i said "PROBABLY" . if your pussy don't have a chalky taste why are you mad cheyenne? 

bitch you got me fucked up     

CONNOR FRANTA IS COMING TO FUCKING DETROIT MICHIGAN PEOPLE THIS IS NOT A JOKE GIVE ME MONEY FOR TICKETS

So EITHER the employees are super lazy, and/or don't know what a switch is, or upper management is telling them to say no to all who call

Man somebody get these mad ass bitches off my Timeline damn   ‍

Please RT #interiordesign #homedecor #decoration Pallet Wood Wall Mount Silverware Holder... 

#verginxxx hourse fucking women 

I can't remember if I scheduled it for today or tomorrow but I think I have a new video up later today  

Our Tiny Miracle!! Most days it still feels too good to be true. This sweet girl has filled our… 

#Karacabey #bbw hooker #dating #nylon fucking #directchat #nudelive mistress #snap #joke 

Ehh when you got a sticky troll in your mentions who tried to spoil you on Persona. Is this a new trend?

So yeah I've had this crush on this guy named I, he's cute and stuff. I have been eyeing on him for awhile now so masa birthday dia..

dyou know what i hate???? when lectureres switch up the lecture schedule n it fucks with the upcoming assignments b… 

Forcing her to not be scared and get me in front of a fucking pig

Wife catches her husband fucking busty mother in law 

Being a mom neh... its not a packet of peanuts its HARD WORD my body is soo painful i realy need a full body massage and a vacation

NatGeoTravel : Head off the beaten path to these places that deserve more love  (via Twitt…… 

Thanks to Cameron and Diana for coming in to talk about the ROC society and the Montreal Canadiens Alumni Game... 

If you ever fucked over me , idgaf if it was years ago . I made or making it my business to hurt you  

There's a Britney Spears live concert in Vegas where Nick Jonas stands kt paling depan skali.. Nick Jonas dgn muka blur nya.. i wanna die!  

Gunslinger To Druid: "You plebians will never reach the top of the glorious mountain that is my aesthetic"-chan

djt really doesn't try very hard to make a good image for himself-just angroy orange idiot 

[INFO] #Seventeen will go to US to broaden and learn music experience in the middle of this month for about 2 weeks… 

SPC went with a severe thunderstorm watch for parts of Southern Illinois vs the tornado watch due to a greater... 

Girls get fucked in shower 

But, if Obama HAD sent military into Syria last time around, he'd have been given a total thrashing no matter what by both sides.

A-League talking points: Phoenix squander chance to celebrate watershed moment #SydneyFC  

Everyone should be required to read a book by Mark Yarhouse before having an opinion on anything. #he #is #a #Genius

NigeriaNewsdesk: PDP caucus accuses Tinubu, EFCC of conspiracy to destroy Senate  via toda… 

1 homer to matt kemp is that bad. Matt Harvey is looking like fire. If this offense could fucking do sokething ...

You guys are my favorite t-shirt company in Cleveland. Great work as always. 

Bessemer police identify shooter in Bessemer Homicide #Birmingham  

About M.A. Camilleri, the Author of Springer's Corporate Sustainability, Social Responsibility and ...  #business #csr

DO YOUR FUCKING JOB YOU NITWIT 

remember when i hated you with a fiery passion. now i just want to fuck you

The Entire Security Team Leaves #WNBA Basketball Game After Seeing #BlackLivesMatter t-shirts 

Nasty slut Hazel Dew anal POV SAL024 Rocket #Anal #analfucking #analPOV #asstomouth #as...  

Kllergrm - Jordan - Pryce - Big - Cock - For - The - Fuck - Doll  

Bruhh wtf who's nasty ass left hella blunt guts, an Arizona, blunt wrap and a paper plate on my smoking stairs. Like you must really be stupid

Communication with family members and friends may seem constra... More for Libra 

Oh you must be MAD that your nigga got caught sucking dick for money lmfaooo and you still fw him

luckily i overslept during nap just now, otherwise dad would bring me out to eat, and would end up stuck in the heavy traffic

HUMAN CAPITAL Nominee - #6thTFOAwards Best Ensemble See the list of nominees:  

Do you have a list of things that need to go in the ruck or you can out whatever you like in it 

Never ceases to amaze me when agents sell/list a house "as is", then accept an FHA offer and house has several FHA/HUD required repairs.

I can't be the only one that thinks #DaedricArmor is terrifying. Every third-person animation… 

#makemoneyonline this simple system tripled my money on autopilot  

April 2017 updates for Get and Transform in Excel 2016 and the Power Query add-in - Office Blogs #msbi... 

Cases like this is where I support death penalty. If this happen to my child I'd take him out myself and hope for a j… 

We didn't show the rates for blacks because they were so high they couldn't fit on the graph. 

This is why men get freaked out by makeup. No, really. This is why makeup is EVIL. 

#Horseracing News - Casse Switches Strategy for Ashland Duo - The 1 1/16-mile Central Bank Ashland Stakes (G1) ... 

Group Financial Reporting Manager, Kent, Accountancy (Qualified)  #jobs #accountancy #finance

Haha. I guess I shouldn't be surprised that Hamill nails his co-star and friend perfectly. 

Suspected Chemical Attack Kills 35 in Syria, Activists Say  

#sneakers #news The Air Jordan 2 Will Get Deconstructed This Summer  

I feel so bad for oomf.. he just keep getting his ass whoooped         

He can't dine alone with a women, but he alone can take away their funds for health care 

I was thinking about this very thing today. I was irritated about that beer summit 

SEEKER Raptor from Seeker Styling, Motorseeker UK. Ford Ranger becoming ever more popular as a 'go anywhere', 'do a… 

"Cape Cod weather: Area flood watch in effect" The National Weather Service has issued a flood watch for today thr… 

Meet Army Special Operations veteran Jeff Benrud. Jeff is a SOF combat veteran and now an impressive dirt bike... 

Why Turks killing Kurds changing lerem did not effect anyone    are Kurds not human too 

TWAS-Lenovo Science Prize for Scientists from Developing Countries in Italy, 2017  

Sit back, get comfortable and catch some much need Z's. These 6 scents will help promote relaxation. 

You're more interested in the act of creation today than you a... More for Gemini 

my dad acts soooooo fucking stupid with shit !!! like fuckkkkkk

ive uninentionally hit some ppl rly hard on the concert just to get closer with them and i regret it rly felt sorry… 

Gamer shy guy body requires fucking hottie bomshell MILF 

Far and Wide Wants to Send You +1 Friend on a Canadian Adventure of a Lifetime. 

How To Create A Morning Routine To Set You Up For Success - IT'S THE NOW -  

Read the essay of a student who got into all 8 Ivy League schools, Stanford, MIT, and Caltech 

Glanford Park bathed in sunshine this afternoon. Time for #Scunthorpe to turn up the heat in the battle for a play-… 

so his chubby hands were a fucking lie all along! 

I wanna make Saturday so fun for my best friend she deserves it and so much more    ily stupid bitch

#holmes porn fat man fucking girl 

tony    and    rhodey    are    happily    married    and    no    one    can    tell    me    otherwise

Colorful Breastfeeding Feeding Necklace Bottle Feeding Nursing Teething BPA Free  … 

Children who have found salvation through music are to perform in St Mary's Cathedral 

Help what song is this somewhat satisfying and how am i so good at this what the fuck The Witness comes out tomorrow?

Was gonna finally pixelate some titties but I'm not staying up til 3am editing I have shit to do* tomorrow *Drugs and alcohol to take

Microsoft’s Azure Stack preview adds support for Azure Functions and App Service  #SocialMedia

Why has Coleman no even fucking tried on my tent or yours??

Got my girly lacie with me   she's my friend AAH AHA DON'T NEED THE ONES THAT DON'T CARE AND ARE MEAN XX

Pray everyday, Grind, Eat healthy, work out, conquer your goals, remain happy, love the person you're with or if you're single Love yourself

Bruh I'm knowing  I was like no she didn't bruh! But other than that the presentation was good af friend don't worr… 

Art of Autumn Leaves - A Change Of Focus #AutumnLeaves #Photography  

I JUST WATCHED IT IM TRULY FUCKING SHOOK 

Florida woman, son fatally shot after cops tell her 'stop calling 911' - Orrazz 

If only you feel the same way about me as i do for you, but i know i'm not good enough for you.   

5W/15W FM Transmitter Mini Radio Stereo Station Bluetooth Wireless Broadcast TOP  

Phase I Clinical Trial Completes Using Cell Line Expertise at Cobra Biologics - Technology Networks  #clinical trials

Just because no one's ever done it before doesn't mean it's impossible. Go for it! YASNER LIONHEARTVSummerBod

Banksy unmasked? Secretive graffiti artist may have been filmed in Israel - Mirror Online 

NEW DIY 100pcs 12MM Resin Beige White Star Flat back Scrapbooking Craft BHWXX  

i'm sure we can "became" great friends, lil tokki. he smiles foolishly at her, and then covers his giddy mouth. 

I was drawn to all the wrong things: I liked to drink, I was lazy, I didn't have a god, politics, ideas, ideals.

Sometimes the best cure for a restless mind is a quiet night i... More for Pisces 

Shitting hell as if one of those aircraft carrier planes just almost hit my bloody roof, clipped the bloody tree!!    

trade free follows 20 x 20 I also accept dms I do rts I go first for extras trading solo dm giveaway access account free follows rare

5 dark places and why you should visit them  #500pxrtg #travel 

You know your chat is legit when twitter trolls try to crash the party. #orcachat 

My name is Junie B Jones. The B stands for BAD BITCH   But I just like Junie. Unless it's Saturday     

SUNSHINE SUPERMAN (Lyrics) - Donovan. I was named after this dude from the 60's. :) 

Hopefully no one will ever need to do this... Or if they do, Lord willing they won't be wearing sandals that ray! 

anybody else get low key outraged when they find out that their goofy-looking former classmate moved to CA and had a glowup or is it just me

#Formtek Business Intelligence (BI) and Analytics: Factors Driving the Huge Market Growth. Read Blog: 

Lesbians Bound And Fucked - Scene 2  

my favorite thing about all of this is there are people who genuinely believe this is a good thing for memphis basketball

I HAVE THE WORST AUTUMN EVER IN MY COUNTRY ITS FUCKING AUTUMN AND THIS IS FUCKING ANNOYING BECAUSE ITS KEEPS RAINING IN MY COUNTRY  

]Funke Akindele gets first Step-mother baptism as JJC skillz 3 children come on Holiday (Photos) 

Mom Defends Girl After School Loses It Over Object She Found On Playground  

Meet another recipient of the 2016/17 'I'd Rather Be Selfmade' project, Arit Edem  

Now that my brother gave away his dog I can't fucking stand his presence again

#girl tide up and fucked in the wood porn olive oil sex 

I realized there's no money in that and why would the church fork out all this tax free $ to help when they aren't getting it in return

because a grown ass man being a terrible father is somehow his child's fault. go sit down, brittany. 

"But what has happened?" "The old story, Watson. A treacherous friend and a fickle wife." #SherlockHolmes

NEW CHRISTIAN LOUBOUTIN Altanana Grey Suede Open Toe Platform 36 6 Shoes 02-100 $170.00 -  

Top story on #MOOCs: Free School of Architecture Announces Call for Teaching Pr…  see more 

Mhmm, this is why I dont hire anyone, recently hired assistant bailed on me so scrambling to get things done for the weekend. Ugh!

 NG: #Twitter is considering changing the Algorithm like #Facebook. … 

Build Your Own Sidekick-Inspired Mobile #Raspberry:   

Just smashed 56 syns on this beaut. Am I sorry? Hell no! #totallyworthit #eastereggs #orangechocolate… 

Breaking news.... "Stop constructing highways or we will never vote for you." Bewda association warns Nitin Gadkri.   

A Woman's Boss Called Her Headscarf 'Unprofessional' So She Showed Up To Work In Cosplay 

Some beautiful late nineteenth century Japanese hand-coloured photography that I'm researching… 

Thanks for joining us at Easter EGGstravaganza this morning! We can't wait to see you next… 

promised myself I wasn't going out this weekend, but now I've made plans to go to the fucking buttermarket y am I like dis

some niggas just shouldn't have beards.. ugh   like... — Are you crazy? 

Brazil financial crisis or OCOG missmanagement - the real cause of the problem ?! 

ay i dno what 2 do i was well too cocky about the ev winning n now i can't look at my kopite boyfriend ever again x farewell it's bin nice x

In Alaska, for most students, high school GPA predicts initial college success better than standardized tests: 

This is legitimately fucked up 

People Are Going Crazy from Virtual Reality Glasses. Why? Because There Are Giving Away FOR FREE -… 

A sinking feeling in the pit of your stomach arises from your ... More for Taurus 

I bring this up cause the caveat is I suspect ubisoft was the one that made nintendo take down the game in the first place. Ubisoft plays1/2

Derrick Tindal also came up with 2 picks and break up and Ju-Co transfer Van Ginkel got in on the action with a pass break up and a pick

Have you ever cried at the first second of hearing the song for the first time? Me: #SignOfTheTimes 

Forget unfollowers, I believe in growing. 1 new follower in the last week! Stats via 

To my local peeps: Who would be interested in attending one or more paranormal research classes? Learning about... 

this is probably why the lena/mon el scene will cause tension between kara and because lena is a fucking alien ?

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Standard/Queen Couples Pillowcases,Al..." by beautifullifehouse.  #giveaway

Welcome to the fresh morning: With a smile on your face; Love in your heart; Good thoughts in your mind; And you wi… 

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

What's the best response you've given for a #tripadvisor review for your pub?  

AP NewsBreak: Joe and Jill Biden get multi-book deal  

learn tolerantia study love, humanism now i can replace your smile but i a human you can do good man this is my limit of change.

there's a car that hasn't moved in 2 months taking up a prime parking spot. so ray and i wrote "move me bitch" on their dirty ass hood  ‍

A quick and easy way to stabilize your mood swings is to relen... More for Cancer 

Freelancer Wanted: Addressing Ageism: What You Need to Know to Land Freelance Writing Jobs…... 

Do you know kids or have kids that are using technology to collect performance information for their own teams?… 

I've entered a competition to win Lee Stafford Ubuntu Oils Straighteners #hairstraighteners #beauty #hair 

Me half the time: *wishing i had never met this person* Me the other half: *so happy and grateful I did even if we don't end uo together*

I think she did it on purpose, I can't fuck with the hate, I'm allergic

10 spaces for people to take part our BELLY BUSTER PLAN! FOR £5 PER WEEK!    lose the tummy fat drop a dress size o… 

Found a Transponder Snail! For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!  #TreCru 

I'm literally surrounded by all kinds of love(ly couples) and it's making me me so happy omg  FLOURISH YOU LOT, FLOURISH.

#Easter2017 on Good Fri/Easter Sat it will be a Sat TT on all services and on Easter Sun/Easter Mon it will be a Sunday TT on all services.

Kinky peach opens up her slit and enjoys hardcore fucking 

Sat, 08 Apr 2017 09:14:12 -0400 Clear T: 41.9 F (5.5 C) RH: 45% B: 30.01in+ Winds From the WNW at 9.0 MPH Gusting to 15.0 MPH

#Entertainment #Buzz: #DrewBarrymore WEDDING #PhotoS June 18 2012 PEOPLE MAGAZINE  

When Nicola sturgeon had a go at Theresa May for being unelected when she was once herself unelected. So idiotic

Friday April 7th at 12:00 in CH 201, visiting artist Micah Bloom will be showing his film Codex! Everyone is... 

Damn. If #Pepsi didn't know they fucked up before. They gotta know now 

Top story now: This whale trapped in a metal frame is swimming up the Californi…  see more 

Are you ready to vote, WI? The courts of appeals and several circuit courts have spots up for grabs on Tuesday! 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

Robots and automation are going white collar — but they’re not here to steal your job just yet  #happeningnow

Salesforce just spent another $3 million to close its pay gap  

If a person devoted their self fr social service people call thm psychopath....but personally he or she called thr self sociopath. :)

Heart of House Opportunities - Lawry's The Prime Rib - Beverly Hills, CA, , USA #jobs #Beverly Hills pls RT: We are… 

Congratulations to Fresh Faces 2017 honoree, Annika!!!         It was such a pleasure to work… 

Sexy, downtown Penthouse residence project coming along beautifully. #lovemyjob #lovemyclients #lovetheview 

I thought it was a great idea to reinforce my study material by watching Nat Geo. until I saw an anaconda eat a capybara. Brb crying.

Humane Society: Einstein the cat, raped by a man, in Idaho , USA. Pls sign the Petition!  #OpBEAST

Colourism generally needs to stop being swept under the rug in regards to our treatment 'we all black' sound like 'we all bleed red' to me

"Volkswagen to Pay 10 States Over Environmental Claims" by BILL VLASIC via NYT  #business… 

Okay but when Harry goes on The Late Late Show can he and James please do a riff-off?? I need that in my life omg

Could really quote all of #morelife tbh. Life lessons all throughout. Drake is on another level y'all, if you don't know.

Happy Sunday..it's all about drums today!! Learning some new songs. Have a great day!!!! xox 

this man already fucked me in smh and the movie didn't even come out 

I've become a political junky with a love of Authority as I've gotten older. I think America and Georgia are rolling along nicely.

Watch lesbian movie:  Rebecca Bardoux's son isn't home at the moment 

I can't believe that for a game like the #MadridDerby La Liga chooses not to have any preview show. Not a single one.

#news #Armenian FBI probing whether Trump aides helped Russian intel in early 2016 - CBS… 

Setting deadlines: EP done and publishing by the end of April Book done and publishing by your end of June

It is the #selfish profit-seeking businessman who has released you from the necessity of working 18 hours/day just to barely survive.

Milf Massage:Big tittied MILFs Brandi Love and Cherie DeVille have sex.  #Pornstar 

Attack attack attack no one is saying a dam think about, what happens if Russians are killed if we take action? #oreillyfactor

RT #WorstProduct: Dumbass Gizmo Gallery Gun-shaped iPhone case when gun violence in America is at an all-time peak - bad taste, bad marketi…

U had Shawn Michaels, Triple H, The Rock, Cena, even AJ Styles would have worked, but Vince chose 5 move idiot Reigns.. #Wrestlemania

I'm officially uninterested in mf's who claim to have so much loyalty and respect for me but stay in ppl face that I don't fuck with

why are people so obsessed with this mansion my work owns? fucking tourists.   

#AmericaIsOverParty Me:*makes joke about being drafted* Also me:*prays to not get drafted* 

 <-download #bokep Street Fucking #ngentot

Neil Hamilton tells Mark Reckless it’s ‘curtains’ for his career after quitting Ukip  

Please visit  to help our 2017 Clovis North Football Challenge. Thank You! 

Okie Dokie Teddy Bear Blue Lovey Plush Rattle Thank Heaven W3-11  

I just so fucking angry and I hate this job and I wanna quit so bad

How I tripled my blog traffic in ONE MONTH!  #lbloggers #pbloggers #bbloggers #blogging 

i thought brian sella was singing "once you've fucked the fire." he was saying "fought." this album has been out for over a year and a half

drunk college girl fucking 

So much for wanting to do my essay this week so I didn't have to do it in the holidays LOL not happening

ssbbw ebony playing fucking her peiced clit 

my mom asked me to come home so we could make my meal plans together bc she missed me    aw she's cute

Fri 10:00: Cloudy; Temp 11.1 C; Wind SSE 25 km/h gust 39 km/h; Humidity 97%; Press 99.6 kPa / falling; Health Idx 2.3.

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

Here we go again, PL refs hogging the fucking limelight...

Dear lord, when James goes to vegas can he hit for like a couple million, come back and split it witcha girl, promise I'll give back   

Are you fucking kidding me with Bumgarner? How does that even happen? #DBacks

We don't have to know the future to have faith in God. We have to have faith in God to be secure of the future.

Your past is done, so forget it. Your future is yet to come, so dream it, but your present is now, so live it with…… 

But ultimately, I'll read something that has good characters and a great sense of place and jokes. I accept prose-craft as the magic part.

Nice tits and always making fun, thats the main character of this shemale.  #shemale… 

Auto post BLOGGER, Just set your keyword and forget  | Web Traffic | Social Media | 44 Best Free WordPress Blog Themes…

Join the Forward Air Transportation Services team! See our latest #job opening here:  #Transportation #Hiring

Is  or other finance tracking apps worth the cybersecurity risk? 

Ok so I almost died because of this big ass centipede, lord knows my heart can't take this shit I almost left my apt and went to my parents

This part of the budget deal may be the greatest threat to Oklahoma's economy 

Nothing beats how ur family hypes you up on Facebook lmao!!! Be making u feel like a trillion bucks even when u only a million 

*Canadian accent* Two rules man Rule #1 stay away from my fucking Percocets Rule #2 and do you have any fucking Percocets

Country Mouse and City Mouse Books Entertainment | iPad App |573248205| **** $1.99 -> FREE…  #ipadBooksEntertainment

I played the Search the Waves mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 20 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

Maid With A Very Naughty Pussy Satisfies A Rigid Pecker -  #sex #porn #pornvideo

What a turnout today for MGC season opener ….. around 100 members, of all ages and from the various sections,... 

Going to St. Lucia tomorrow. Hopefully Trump doesn't decide to bomb the world's only drive-thru volcano

People concerned about the new twitter Don't worry, people will be threatening to leave and say their wife doesn't understand them soon  

The Steps To Successfully Apply For The PMP Certification Course Online #certification 

Style Tools Art Gems Pencil Pen 2Pcs Nail Art Crystal Pick Up  

#Intothewoods.....into the woods......todays sing thru sounded good!! These guys are practicing hard, do u have your tickets? #chorley

hacked stop leaving your twitter up 2 fucking school idiot

While adaptability is often a useful trait, your infamous stub... More for Taurus 

the fucking thought of you with somebody else, I don't like that..  

#resist what a great unifier for USA! Divided we fall, together we stand and prevail! Dems/libs want chaos and yell tostop others opinions

Luckily im belonged to these 2 big fanbase. Bigbang's VIP and TVXQ's Cassiopeia 

America, stop ruining everything with fucking sprinkles.

Insane Clown Posse - Birthday Bitch Whoop Mf Whoop mMfwcl¡ ;) — listening to Birthday Bitches

I've just watched episode S01E05 of You Are Wanted!  

Continental News: MPA approves Renishaw study into chronic drug delivery system in Parkinson's patients 

Here's a good amount of "peer-reviewed" and competitively funded, not "blog-based" evidence for injury 'prediction' and… 

Nigga you must not know how lit the power rangers are, I'm taking my compliment back 

"So yes, it is a Father John Misty album, and Josh Tillman still excels at tormenting those unlucky souls who enjoy his music." Bingo.

Cobra BAFFLER DWS 5 Hybrid 29° Ladies Right-H Graphite Golf Club #2949  

the sense of panic when u thought you were in mutuals with someone and theyre following You but YOUre not

I've just watched episode S01E07 of Big Little Lies!  

d nald trump is seen on a tape describing sexual harassment. He's president I guess it doesn't make any sense pisses me off who thought

#Top_Stories Wrestlemania: Cena proposes, Gronk steals the show - KTRK-TV  

Raise a glass to 50 years of #LoyalistConnections! Join us on a wine tour June 10. #Amazing50. Register here 

Emilie Autumn – Girls Just Wanna Have Fun and Bohemian Rhapsody 4260063943478  

Date an Ibadan girl you would only spend 3,800 on a perfect date and you would also get to #keepthechange 

Music by David Bowie, Barbra Streisand and NWA are among the latest recordings preserved by the Library of Congres… 

MY HUMOUR IS FUCKED CUZ I ACTJALL HATE MY FUCMING LIFE

this bitch gave me an iced coffee and I'm still sick AF  

I've literally been in my house ten minutes and I told my mum I'd been here for like an hour and she said that was ridiculous   

You have a FASHION idea but don't know where to start, let alone find a factory....Join...  

This is fucking dedication 

this ugly as hell shordy hope u realize this aint it 

The Voice of My Ancestors Will Always Speak to Me and Thru Me. "Those That Don't Remember the Mistakes of the Past are Doomed to Repeat them

#pornostar finder delivery men fucking in kerala 

Feds Abandon Effort To Force Twitter To Identify Owner Of Anonymous Anti-Trump Account 

"If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember." -- Terry Pratch

Facebook, Microsoft Mobilize $50 Million for Renewable Energy Microgrids  #renewable #solar… 

And the Cubs not using their best reliever is just dumb. Period. Bases loaded, righty up, i want a K getter up not… 

I can just see this two laying in bed thinking about some dumb shit .. LIKE THAT STATUS !!!          

We worship glory and friendship. Join alliance International on server S42(UTC+0) and fight with us 

Redhead babe in lingerie gets mouth fucking 

Just completed a 9.04 mi run - Cool out but also super dry. Very thirsty. Feeling good. Very straigh ...  #Runkeeper

Chelsea Clinton Confirms She's Not Running For Public Office Right Now  

i'm catching up on supergirl and damn, what the hell, there are so many grownup lesbians in there, can 1 or 2 make an appearance in my life?

it starts out like fucking star wars 

Idk what's going on with McDonalds marketing strategy... but it was interesting 

look me in the eye and tell me that the bolt concept art is bad yeah i thought so u fucking cant

my parents wonder why i stay in my room all day probs cuz i'd rather be in here then be out there and get yelled at for lookin at them funny

"Mom Finds Her 16 Year-Old Daughter In Bed With A Boy And Thing Get Out Of Control! 

Obstruction on CA-17 Southbound north of Mt Hermon Rd (Scotts Valley). Lanes blocked. Expect delays.

#Nigeria #news - RE: Provision of functional housing is the foundation of our success 

My annoying headass as fuck 

Coming up after Ballads and Banjos 7:30 am Community Voices 10:30am Radio Chatskill Listen on or via the... 

That's why I don't hate, I just don't give a fuck     

Thank you to Rotary Club of Maitland for inviting us to share our story with you today. Both of our organizations... 

I’m the 10509105th person in the entire world to beat the Spider pack in WordBrain! #WordBrain #words

I wanna hate Tim Tebow so bad but he's the nicest fucking dude in the world.

#vintage #buttons in vintage cake tin. Someone's life and story for £15 #Totness… 

17. When moving about the cabin  keep your balance by touching overhead lockers, not other passengers' headrests.

i mean i even saw someone said the yoi art made them wanna die......like????? 

Just finished watching #13reasonswhy ... this show got me all kinds of fucked up.  

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

Although you might already have big plans for the weekend, mor... More for Capricorn 

The Brewers announcers make their games really enjoyable to watch. They're two of the best in the business.

04/02/1961 Stoke City v Derby County (Creased). No obvious faults, unless descr  

Please you guys should invite the jamb officials cos the jamb registration centres Are not sufficient enough 

What a FUCKING ASSHOLE! This may B worst time to B American! I HATE EVERY 1 WHO VOTED FOR tRUMP!! and LOATHE REST WHO… 

I have been on Twitter for 1 year, 9 months, 20 days (since 10 Jun 2015). And you? 

SEAN FUCKING COFEY NEVER SPEAK TO ME AGAIN 

4/ opposing compatriots out of it. If this seems familiar, I am simply writing a fanfiction under my Author name: Phalanx30

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

#BBANGDAY CAN EVERYBODY JUST FUCKING START PAYING ATTENTION ON THIS MAN TALENT AND PASSION I'M SO DONE OF EVERYONE… 

LITERALLY.... Like REALLLY far away!! I can't tell you how many times i want to do this...… 

I think I'm a Jimin biased now wth i think they're all gonna be my biases just one by one so lets see haha

Truly the perfect way to spend a weekend is with great people and great food! 

Why would you wanna eat a dip called horsey sauce.... why why why why why doesn't the name just sound nasty enough

One of my favorite movies growing up. #ThreeAmigos thanks #MGM for the suggestion #nationalburritoday 

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Armed 65-year-old Florida man fights off intruder in terrifying home invasion  

Fucking a MILF's pussy and ass 

Roaming sucks. This Handy travel phone could rescue your bill  

Nick Cannon Is ThisClose To Finding The Next Wild ‘N Out Star  

I have so many tumbled stones and I want to collect more raw stones...but I wanna travel to collect them.

In the antebellum U.S. South -- an American just traded a slave's grandchild. 

#kim kardashian ass fucking denise milano nude 

i will never forgive the rihanna navi for letting KIB flop but that trash ass Needed Me and equally bad LOTB are legitimate HITS!!

Doused vehicle fire cleared in #ParkwayWest on I-376 Inbound after PA-121 #traffic 

to avoid embarrasing situations like bumping into niggas she fucked.

What the hell happened to Vanmarcke?!? Looked like he rolled a tub or something.. terrible for SVM

I was gonna go to hot yoga tonight, but then this thunderstorm rolled in and well *cue laziness* 

me and Emma are gonna fully be dead after my birthday weekend  Oceania friday,Pryzm saturday then Pinks sunday rip our livers 

Hunter Hearst Hotrod is a fucking snitch, ACAB, go seth rollins #Wrestlemania

Perhaps you think you know everything there is to know about vaccinations, take the time and watch this... 

 Villa Chameleon #Spain. Hit like and let us know why you love this… #luxuryrealestate… 

*takes one snap* and says, "oh my god, i'm so fuckin ugly"  

Studying the ever changing real estate in downtown Jersey City with domdell #jerseycity… 

A MISTAKE ABOUT A PRIVATION.—He that has not for a long ago learned to think and dangerous charm for a couple of millenniums.

I can't fucking get educated, Barbara! Not all of us grew up with parents who had 9-5 stable jobs! I don't need another loan recommendation!

#Pidgey  93.3% (15/12/15) Moves: [Poison Jab | Sludge Bomb] City: [Addison] Timer: [10:04:50am]-(14m 37s) 

You know you made it when the niggas that used to hate on you are now telling people how they met you

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

So I could've ordered an hour ago and had my protein powder today but noooo I got lazy and now it's not coming till tomorrow 

#customer #feedback 3 IN 1 IPL+ELIGHT+SHR (hair removal, skin rejuvenation, pigmentation removal, acne clearance)    

WHY TF WOULD MY BESTFRIEND DELETE HIS FUCKING TWITTER

#Smoking causes one in 10 deaths worldwide, study shows -  

NEW For samsung nokia htc moto Mini USB DC Car Charger Adapter Accessory A7  

I love it when guys talk shit then go around acting all nice to the same person they're talking about ...... you are a female

what a useless fucking party 

#YPG Fighter Sings On The Frontline After Another Victorious Day For The #SDF On Their #Raqqa Campaign… 

Wife is prepping dinner and found worms in the chicken we just bought from the store. I FUCKING HATE CHICKEN!!!

iTunes Turkey #3 [+1] Cheat Codes: No Promises (feat. Demi Lovato) - Single 

We get to know local children’s book illustrator and the other half of The Sisters Lim, Lim Lay Koon on... 

Let's hear from professional electrical engineer and national grid designer Caleb 

Stockport/Manchester this looks v bad - but wanted to avoid the “Were you tweeting about vaginas again?

#Assad is bad. Jihadis also bad and would still be bad w Assad gone. Assad is an asshole but he didn't create #ISIS.… 

Answered "JUST SCREAM!" on all the questions I didn't know, because refresher safety course are so damn boring.

Listen to Don't Run - DAREALZO x MTP x Monsta x Sammy2x by Sammy2x #np on #SoundCloud  

Pro-tip for reposting people's work- give credit and don't go out of your way to cross out their profile picture and username- thank you

#nowplaying Linkin Park - Requiem [2 Listeners] Web:  Media:  #np

#Bilbao #bdsm fucking #sensualmassage #cumprincess #putinacas #skypeme #mfc legs #hornykik #girlfriend 

Should Lesnar win tonight, who do you think should be first in line to challenge him for the title? #AskHeyman #WrestleMania

Everyone: tell me when you are planning your next trip! I wanna go! Me: hey I'm planning a trip to... Everyone: I'l… 

Was trying to look up the pregnant teacher scandal and this came up. WHAT DOES PREGNANT TEXAS WOMAN PIG BABY MEAN I… 

Came from FSX with PMDG 737 and PMDG 777 to XP11. default 737 feels very "arcade"-ish..? XP like this, or will it b… 

EARTH: Tomorrow is the last day to submit your biome brochure and your climate vocab cards  

WHAG IS THIS PHOTO IM FUCKING WHEEZING 

 Ciaran Hinds habla de Steppenwolf en Justice League. 

woah cake :( waht nosie do tutrle maek gook spic fucking faggot moron

Is it bad to take pristiq and telfast together? Cos I have some crazy ass jitters considering I'm also tired af

2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

DUDE I JUST SEPARATED MY CONCERT TICKET MONEY FROM MY ALLOWANCE AND ALL I HAVE LEFT IS 400PHP HDJDJDJD THATS LIKE $4 HSJDJDJD

◦ He'e: Maui County Council Budget and Finance Committee approves park concessions/naming rights bill - MauiTime… 

Barcelona Apt. #1 ~ General Chat Comments, Quotes and Thanks for Pictures and Videos April 2017.  #Reallifecam #Voyeur

DiMaggio-Kalish Workshops Presents The Ultimate Backstage Pass!  

Latest Turf Job: Assistant Superintendent - Kentucky Dam Village State Resort Park 

An overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... More for Taurus 

Carmen said some haters wanna git rid of  before their hoe be on it lmao 

Please RT #fashion #style BASTARDO Spring Summer 2017 | COLOMBIAMODA 2016 by Fashion Channel  

I want to get my ass ate and get fucked all day   

As the dietary guidelines say, vegan diets are healthy and nutritionally adequate during all stages of the... 

Possibility that one goal of this attack is to provoke Russia into actually using their missile defense system to sniff out its capabilities

Enschede Weather Report: Temperature: 13.039999961853027°C Humidity: 70% UV-index: 1 #bloomsky #weather #weer… 

For my fellow cat lovers! #soap  #cats #CatsOfTwitter #Caturday 

Alam ko na gagawin ko ngayong bakasyon. It's time for me to think and think and think for like a million times

So my apartments do inspections and just told us that my room was to dirty ... I literally just gave laundry on the floor.

I am tired of LGBT+ characters being killed off by fucking white women. Im sick and tired of LGBT+ not... 

If You Think It Isn't , Go To Hell , I Hate You And I Wanna Stab You To Death .

A second spear of asparagus has joined its brother on the allotment - others just breaking through ... 

Every time bent Tory MPs bad mouth the honourable London Taxi Trade I resolve never to pick the prick up. #owngoal 

Today is a weird ass day. I just have this bad feeling.

Diehard sports fans are fucking annoying...And I mean the "I will watch all of 82 games in a Nba season"type of die-hards

Proposal Manager - Bellevue, WA, , USA #jobs #Bellevue pls RT: Requisition Number 17-0009 Post Date 3/8/2017 Title… 

Talking with a friend about your long-term goals helps clarify... More for Gemini 

Happy thanks giving to all my American fans and friends.we don't celebrate it in france but I'm still gonna have turkey in your honor

My roleplay accounts had that problem. I had to update the app (haven't updated for a month) 

President Rodrigo Duterte appointed Jose Antonio, special envoy of the President to the U.S.; Miguel Ayala, special envoy to Australia

that's okay, sometimes days are bad and sometimes a whole weekend is shit but that's normal and happens to everyone 

Try these exercises that will help build strength in your upper body and prime your arms for difficult yoga poses. 

I live in California and I can tell you most of us were not impressed with the governator! Van Jones is smoking tha… 

Why is my boyfriend sleeping on the fucking floor?!!

You would love to call it quits early in the day so you can le... More for Cancer 

Some people seem to think that because leaving the EU is so difficult the UK should give up on it! I am angry... 

주간아이돌 - (Weekly Idol EP.225) N.Flying Jaehyun dance girl group 'Rainbow' #nflying #JAEHYUN 

4 days until Pre orders of Life Lessons are available on Itunes and Amazon.. Keep watching and go to... 

i truly believe your telling your friends i hurt you , but you're the one who saying we were something but our personality's don't click hmm

I'm going to Ales tonight for the sole purpose of finding money on the ground that drunk ppl dropped. Thats what you call "college broke"

14204 started on 15/12/2014 Reached its destination BSB and was 15 Mins Late 

Warning sign to traditional banks: Millennials don't like them, want alternatives 

so please be cautious, she has a extremely crazy ass mother  

#girls fucking elephants watch the sex movie 

Soylent, but for your idiot feet. 

Monday Morning Cup of Coffee: Cordray to face Financial Services Committee hearing 

"The human race is governed by its imagination." ~ #Napoleon #QuickQuotes #HumanRace #Imagination 

What's new with the immigration executive orders we wrote about? ICE released 1st "declined detainer outcome report" 

I realise how slow I am given certain discussions, so I am asking Ja'ns in Ja to please tell me what is meant by giving 'gender' money for>

You have had this one way of trying to manifest your desires or one way of viewing how things will manifest in your life,

Bud man tight shorty don't want him so he don't pick up our calls no more,shes not even mines tho..lol

Is you dick throbbing? Cum on nasty tits! Join Now!  

do people actually change the nibs in their tablet pens ive only done that once and it didnt change anything

Brunette civilian babe gets fucked by border patrol officer 

yall i fucking cant wait until someone assass*nates trump

10 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Horny lesbian lovers make a filthy slut fudge sundae 

I need more friends into sports, I just wanna kick back with a rig and a case and watch the Lakers game with good people

Saw the most ironic and hypocritical posts on Facebook about 13 Reasons from bullies that I went to school with. The irony, I tell ya.

the actresses who played josie packard and catherine martell weren't asked back for the revival,,,,,,, they did my girls so dirty

I rlly just need to get drunk alone and cry but I can't even afford alcohol because I've had 3 fucking tables today

"Russian Dirty Cash Laundered By British Banks. At Least £16billion Moved Out Of Russia Between 2010 And 2014 

Looking at that girl I really shouldn't Looking at that girl just like I wouldn't Looking at that girl and then I took it

Hurray! I have finished "Let's Get Going!" task in Big Business HD for iPad! #ipad #gameinsight #ipadgames

Wow! Security camera at Auto Xtreme Collision Center in Lafayette captures tornado tossing car into the air. 

People be having me soo fucked up and I'm not here for it

If you're not INTO RandM, this episode wouldn't be the worst starting point. 

And you're MARKING THE FUCK OUT because NO WIRING!!!!!!!!!! #OOC

Loosing 2 members to natural causes is bad enough, but 25 members, murdered? In the West we'd be crying for Prozac!! 

Ready to #shift your #business mindset toward a better results for this year? Listen to daily #inspiration here: 

The salvation of our soul wasn't our call; it was Jesus' call. He made the move, destroyed the works of Satan and reached out onto us

Wichita State Student Government Refuses to Recognize Libertarian Group  - #LP 

Here in England the day is coming to an end, but watch how sports make an impact in lives everyday #IDSDP2017 

Found a Transponder Snail! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park!  #TreCru 

Fathers' rights activist speaks out about parental equality in family court - KEPR 19 

Almost 3 am...Husband is still at work. #marriedtohismoney #icookeddinnerdamnit #cantibeastayathomemomnow

Seriously #jaypark ... Amazing...And I love the whole 90s rooftop theme going on....Totally killed it here! 

Nasty Shemale Spanks It Till It Comes All Over 

ok i'm not using this as much of a meme but today one of my flute keys wouldn't work thIS WAS LEGIT FUCKING ME 

Can you recommend anyone for this #job? Server, MKT Bar (Cocktail) - San Francisco -  #Hospitality #SanFrancisco, CA

Let's hope for some great golf and better attempts at a Hi-5 from the players this year! 

He said "you'll never find anyone better than me" shit pretty sure half the guys out here be doing more than you

20170404: Reuters: Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot' 

I follow so many kpop accnts on IG only to find out that they are also Filipinos but living in the different parts of the world    

Daily Whyzz: Can Animals Smile? Ask your kids! #DYK #didyouknow #dailywhyzz  

This translation is the worst it takes me 5 mins to even try to figure out what they're saying.. it's so badly written

#AgLaw HotLink: New FDA food labeling requirements go into effect on May 5th - FoodSafetyNews  #FDA #food

Ok so, I live in a house w four girls one guy. Me and my two sisters share a bathroom so hardly ever in my 18 years have I had to put-

Amid China's stand on Masood Azhar ban, US says 'Veto will not prevent us from acting' 

New Study Reveals Pennsylvania as a Competitive Global Leader in Ethane and Propane Production from PennWell 

Khloe Kardashian confirms her sister Kendall Jenner and One Direction's Harry #HarryStyles 

I refuse to alllow anybody's dirty ass daughter to get me outta character   

A quick view live from the MetroWest #LBfast17 as legislators are answering questions from attendees! 

I know a lot of people who listen to BTS like I do, but would never call themselves armys because of their reputation.

Aint none of them kids really MJ's man show me A true blood Jackson that don't look like all the rest of the Jacksons.it's like 1000 of em

The Senate Just Chose the “Nuclear Option” For Gorsuch - Here’s What That Means  #celebrity

If YOU want to take my child for any amount of time YOU can pick him up. I am not a taxi. and I did not ASK YOU to take him.

#Children_of_GOD. #Reborn through #Jesus, We know who WE are, and no one can snatch us away from our #Father's care. adotsom

Wig caught on fucking fire    

ROAD BANS: Spring Road Bans were put in place on Fri March 24 at 7AM for most hard-surfaced roads in RDCounty >> 

JOB FAIR TIP #8: THE BEST TIME TO LOOK FOR A JOB ID WHEN YOU HAVE A JOB March, April, And May: These months are... 

"Johanna Konta Wins Miami Open to Reach No. 7 in Rankings" by STEPHANIE MYLES via NYT 

One of the reasons I will never live in a rural place is the people are like this: 

Now it's time to snigger at Barnabys stupid brain dead remarks He's an idiot but the commentariat can't say it #insiders

Teach them about self love and the laws of attraction..the shit they should REALLY be learning in those classrooms

"You people are pigs! I personally am gonna spit in every fiftieth burger!" "I like those odds." 

Check out our snap-on #boat #carpet by  Get a quote today #boatcarpet please #retweet 

The Shot Is Taken In September But It'S Still Very Sunny And It Looks Almost Like Summer.  #finland #autumn

All investigations should include what Obama did /didn't do to stop Russian aggression. Now that everyone is a Russia hawk.

#Indians_God almost black Vishnu , Krishna, Ram ,Kali Mata andmany other r black in color. Indians r not racists. Don't give us to be homily

I'm looking forward to tomorrow because this will be my day to just relax before the exam stress next week

BREAKING: Buhari's DSS Did Not And Cannot Arrest Me - Jonathan's Beloved Billionaire Son, Ifeanyi Ubah, Boasts - 

Thanks for such amazing feedback guys. So rewarding! It's an absolute honor to work on the show... x

"You - you alone will have the stars as no one else has them...In one of the stars I shall be living. In one of them I shall be laughing."

K5BL LIVE Weather McKinney TEXAS USA ... 00:00 AM Temperature 70.9oF Humidity 64 PCT % Wind 0.0 mph N%

ECB’s Knot: ECB tapering could be limited to 5 month period - FD  #Forex 

stop :) fucking :) spoiling :) 13 :) reasons :) why :)

I caught maybe the last 5 seconds of the MS State upset, but what a time to tune in. Incredible shot.

Alluring Pantyhose Lady Fucked 

Do I vaccinate my child or do I not? Are vaccines dangerous? What ingredients do vaccines have? Some  — TheTruthAb…

In fairness to Wenger, it's not like everyone has been saying Arsenal need a decent holding midfielder for about 5 years  

How I plan on spending my birthday... staying home and sleeping because I refuse to fill my day with being around a majority of shit humans

sehun when the fans were singing the happy birthday song for him :') <he looked incredibly cute>

Right when I realize how sleep deprived and exhausted I am. Thanks. #congrats #immiserable #sickgirl

I love waking up from sleeping to see what my hair looks like. For example I currently look like jimmy neutron cause the way it looks rn

Think I'm sane enough to be back (for now ). Fave this/DM me if I unfollowed you, and I'll follow you back, insha Allah.

Everyone is being so fucking rude today i hate my life

Are naaaa all a can think about is how refreshing 2 jugs from kirks would be yet am sitting here unable to even move   

#RandomRadioFact During the Golden Age of Radio, drama programs were named Soap Operas (the sponsors were soap comp… 

So fucking stressed out. I need to hit the lottery soon, damn.

If you have to keep wondering where you stand with someone, perhaps it's time to stop standing and start walking.

My mama act like she don't have a fucking brain at times.

I swear we haven't lost a game when we wear the ugly ass gold jerseys.

"He's a liar and a falsifier of history." The truth behind #DENIAL - see it April 13. 

i really wanna eat the rest of these wings but i know imma be mad af when i wake up hungry and they gone

and they develop from nasty comments like body shaming think before you cunts speak BODY SHAMING KILLS PEKPLE 

RESCUE OPERATION FOR GROUNDED FISHING VESSEL – KIRKCUDBRIGHT The Maritime and Coastguard Agency plus the crew... 

Credkin is kidding if she doesnt think voters wont remember the ig cash giveaway to biz, Instead she turns to a sn… 

A pumped up Jalik Smith of Susquehanna Twp. goes 10.88 in the finals of the 100m for the win #PanRam 

This morning's treat: Cuppa  Nutella Toasts  Book  . Just enough time for me to finish reading this before... 

It's a must these get copped!! Favorite color and favorite retros...yeah these got    

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

Business idea: Movie theatre that serves all day breakfast. What I'm saying is I could use some pancakes.

Trump: Syrian strike is in 'vital national security interest' of United States  

Battle Princess Madelyn Interview: Genevieve at Skewed and Reviewed spoke with Chris Obritsch about Battle Princess… 

I don't know but since this shit with jk happened i... — nah don't drop him just because that happened, hope... 

No federal seats changed hands in Monday's byelections, but the Liberals got a bit of a scare 

New #job: Senior Java Developer - Agile - Consultant - Financial Services Location: Northampton ..  #jobs #hiring

Now Playing: Blackwood Brothers - You Can Find What I Found is on Knoxville Gospel Music #NowPlayingOnKGM

Kolkata, April 6 (IANS) The Indian Institute of Engineering Science and Technology (IIEST), Shibpur, and the... 

Every line of text in these games is a fucking trip #PS4share 

Twitter egg in default profile photo replaced with new human-like image... 

We've only seen the support online and this is the first day can you imagine how much love he's going to get next week

A1: Simply put, good furniture is pricey. People want more cost-effective alternatives #ModernMonday

GARY SANCHEZ IS NOT HURT. GREG BIRD IS NOT HURT. THIS IS WHAT IM SAYING TO MYSELF. I DONT WANT ALL THE BABY BOMBERS ON THE DAMN DL

behavior that the public sees as positive in dolphins and whales may be an indication of poor welfare #OpSeaWorld 

Chrome OS now themes the app dock based on your wallpaper on the developer channel 

#Actualidad Why the World Couldn't Get Enough of Mama June's Weight Loss Transformation 

16x24 Poster; Grumman A-6E Intruder Vma(Aw)-332 Moonlinghters 1978  

"I'm Kylar, from Tyler, my real name is Ines But Skylar said to change it and I do what Skylar says!"

Your greatest risk is in thinking too small. Think big. Life is too short to think small. KISSES GlitzAndGlam

I played the Search the Waves mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 10 #ParadiseIsland2 #GameInsight 

begin with this song,,,,,,,, just sit under the beautiful moon,,, look at the dark sky full of star,,   

i went to the cinema by myself yesterday and i really wanna go again but beauty and the beast isn't on this late

I was gonna post my graduation pic from last year and captioned it "exactly a year ago" when I realized it's April alr. Did March even happen?

New Adidas Men's Adipure 360.3 Cross Trainer Granite/Solar Orange 9  

WWE Rumors: Major BackStage News On Next Week’s ‘Superstar Shakeup,’ Sasha Banks Moving To ‘SmackDown’ and More  via …

in teens fucking uncategorized no 

Matternet cleared to fly blood samples in delivery drones over Swiss cities  via… 

I've accepted I'm probably not gona have a happy ending. Never had that kinda luck. I'm honestly okay with that though. It's fitting.

this is the first time i've actually been able to listen to the artist i saw live after before i kind of got tired of them..progress

Nigerian man rocks his footwear with the swagger of a college kid  

People are always surprised that I'm single.... why would i volunteer to have to answer to someone or deal with bs daily.

Boy you fucking snapped     

this is fucking amaaaaaaazing 

She needs to get a fucking life 

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

The guy holding the company's main title did the same move ten times and ended it with a second move. Less than half of Cena's moveset.

This podcast we love is all about travel adventures on a budget...need we say more?  

On probably the nicest day of the holiday, I'll be sorting car ins and house ins renewal and scrutinising very expensive energy bill  

Saw people bring up how Trump is willing to bomb but not willing to allow refugees, and yeah screw that jacked up hypocrisy.

how am i supposed to forget about someone when they're fucking everywhere      

Adult content, Adult language, Violence, Brief nudity in the Twin Peaks premiere, I'm gonna be so fucking bald afte… 

Babe acquires explicit fucking for her juicy pussy 

Shamful. "America First" in what way - heartless, cold, cruel, greedy? This is not the way I want to be first. 

A27 westbound between B2145 and A286 | Westbound | Congestion Location : The A27 westbound between the junctions with the A259 Chichester E…

Don Rickles' 6 Best Musical Moments With Frank Sinatra, Justin Bieber and More 

A man's gifts makes way for him but lack of integrity my also block doors once opened. It is not sufficient to be gifted. Build Trust!!

➛MASAKI YODA 2016/11 -don't stop it(sample)(1920kHz/24bit Quality)-  #müzik #Japonya #bilgi

man braces dont fuckin hurt at all, cant believe i was scared to get these or maybe my teeth just aint hella fucked   

Hello again     I just published "Night terrors" of my story "Dangerous mind". 

1 of my fav parts is that they called Carter Page an idiot and he tells WaPo yep thats me! I'm the idiot in this di… 

The woman from Fiddletown who brought an end to 107.9 The End  

Stick Out Your Tongue. Do You See Wavy Edges? You Better Know This Before You Wake Up In The ER 

An oil lobbyist who has never had another job was made Secretary of State (whom evidently doesn't want reporters tagging along)?

{New!} The easiest, instant bite of cake in snack ball form made with just 2 healthy ingredients!… 

So fucking lit! Locksmith - 2017 Freestyle on Shade 45 w/ Kay Slay  #Music #HipHop #Freestyle

BRIEF-Ecology And Environment urges shareholders to vote "for" election of co's class A director nominees - Reuters 

VA defending work to fix troubled veteran suicide hotline #Nebraska  

Larry Sanders headed to Canton for D-League playoffs. Here are some video highlights of #Cavs center. 

Found a Transponder Snail! Candid shots of the Straw Hats on their new ship!  #TreCru 

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

So if I call him boo   just know he the fucking truth  

Elizabeth Gillies And Victorious Fans Celebrate Bade’s 3-Year Anniversary  

and unknown feeling just drove her insane, she started to behave differently because she didn't want to feel like that anymore. She is

Is this supposed to pump up the crowd? Everyone is probably relieved that it's not a performer they actually like #pottybreak #WrestleMania

#FBHS Fortune Brands Sets Date for First Quarter Earnings Announcement and Investor Confere... Read more:  $FBHS

Check out the THRIVE Experience! People are losing weight, earning money, iPads, and even cars! 

Equivalent 16:9 display sizes (cropped top+bottom): Samsung Galaxy S8: 5.175" Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus: 5.53" LG G6: 5.20"

you have to have a goal cant be out here cant wasting your time partying/chilling get up go chase a #dream or #suthin

hi everyone please look at this picture of murdoc and noodle and commit it to ur memory its very important to me 

Although I didn't get accepted there, I'm still very happy #UNC is the National Champ #marchmadness #11-1

I was asked about cum inflation recently and didn't even realize I made a piece that already has it. One of the weird things with scheduling

When I was younger I used to think I'd always be happy and never turn out like other people do. But now I'm just not who I used to be.   

Omg we're going to war! Trump is so fucking stupid

What Writers should do this April – Enter Nawot’s Monthly Themed Contest  

Friendships are blooming but without our supporters, this would not be possible. Thank you to our March Champions!… 

Arrived in Woodstock after 500 miles and snowy VT roads. All set for #runamuck50k Now for a good nights sleep… 

These haunting photos of the retail apocalypse reveal a new normal in America - 

Take us to whataburger motherfucker or I'll give you 1 fucking star.

Multi-million Dollar Deal For Somaliland’s Historic Port Sparks Land Rush  

Fucked up my foot when I tripped over myself smh   ‍

Luke Kennard is the latest to leave Duke, deciding to turn pro and hire an agent. 

It might feel as if others are pushing you around today, but y... More for Libra 

Bitches who think like this are retarded 

You may lose your sense of purpose, only to uncover a more mea... More for Sagittarius 

..are, if you aren't black don't fucking say the n word!!!

That right there just earned my coveted Best Tweet Of The Day Award!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   

.the way Liv gathered Abbey as she thought she was free to go, "You've messed with the wrong gladiator" #Scandal… 

It's literally the easiest voting i've ever done. If you claim to be a td fan and don't vote for him you're fucking cancelled

This week White Supremacists broke into this Iranian refugee's Oregon home and destroyed it. Total silence from the… 

Match 4. 17.3: WICKET! B Stokes (50) is out, candb Axar Patel, 132/5  #KXIPvRPS

did y'all see that hannah edit i just rted... lily is a Woman that did That. ground breaking show stopping outstanding wonderful brilliant

Annoying when people say teens don't think about heavy things like #death. How do you know? Stop treating downplaying teen exp.

Kid I work with has the handwriting of a fourth-grader. It drives me fucking crazy.

Oh come on *she pulled him in for a hug feeling upset that he was upset* don't be like that... 

Why meetings can't be scheduled during daycare hours I have no clue? Even a lot of people who would be interested in going can't go.

So hard to believe baby kema was ever this tiny!! He's getting soo big so fast.. only three months apart :( 

Tonight is Grilled Cheese Night from 5-8 p.m.! Be sure to stop by Kappa Alpha Theta on the IU campus and support CASA!

asp information disclosure vulnerability april 5 2017 report id cve-2016-8722 summary moxa awk-3131a series #cybersecurity

IM FUCKING DYING YET AGAIN 

"Surging Colombian River Kills More Than 100, Many in Their Beds" by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT The New York Times 

London attack: Khalid Masood 'died from shot to chest' - BBC News - they fucking love that school picture... 

Said all Jesus' boyfrien....Disciples!   #atheists #atheism #JesusWasGayAndNotHomophobic 

Worried about Trump talk ruining your seder? Here’s how to get through it.  [JTA]

Dirty brunette slut rubbing and kissing 

#Reddit, what was the dumbest game that you and your friends invented and played at school?  

Time has never gone slower than when you are rolling up your window as a bee is trying to flying in  

Valentina is def my favorite so far She's so sweet and unproblematic and she loves her parents and she's polished + beautiful WOW

Great morning talking Character with Demetric Evans, Ged Kates and Mark Villines at The Mavericks Training facility… 

04-03 BERLIN, GERMANY - NOVEMBER 26: Silvio Heinevetter and Petr... #velenje 

13 reason why is fucked me up .. idk if I can continue watching this

Tapusin na sana tong third party arc na to. This is torture for my sinjie heart. Hayyy         #DTBYSurprise

["Lacoste Men's 2-Pack Colours Cotton Stretch Crew T-Shirt, White, Large"]  #offer #off2017-04-06 08:11

and yet, here I am getting told by an irrelevant ass bitch who's trying to tell me how my face should look ... WHOS FACE IS IT?!

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

Most Wished #8: Samsung Galaxy J5 2016 16 GB UK SIM-Free Smartphone - Black(Single SIM) 

People take politics too seriously. You will make more of a difference in local politics 

"What if one doesn't believe in ghosts at all? "Do you think I believe in ghosts? How can my not believing help me?"

Eph6:12 For we r not fighting against flesh-and-blood enemies but against evil rulers and authorities of the unseen w… 

when someone tells me "jerr, you look like you're losing weight" that shit makes me feel soooo good.

Are you in a rut? Do you want to stay there? Or are you going to do something about it? If you want. contact me! 

I don't get how a married woman/man can cheat of their husband/wife. Confused with this generation    ‍

#anal blech fuck in jungle man and girl 

You are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your... More for Cancer 

Your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac... More for Taurus 

Wherever you may be heading over the Easter break, one of our stylish backpacks will be a trusty companion:… 

Rep. Adam Schiff Just Blew Donald Trumpand#8217;s Russia Cover Story Up Into A Million Pieces - 

IN HONOR OF DR.KING TODAY ON THE TRAGIC DAY IN MEMPHIS 1968 YT VID HIS SPEECH " THE DRUM MAJOR INSTINCTS " IT IS STILL RELEVANT TODAY!

Hallmark Ornaments Frosty Friends Lot Of 22 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985 1987-2004  

...Tired of the Photoshop Show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor Show me somethin' natural like ass w… 

Meet the company that’s looking to make non-surgical male birth control a reality 

wow so that girl who met jungkook and jimin said that she's 5'3 and jimin was almost her height. um i-

And haven't hated an antagonist in a game for a long time like I do for Kamoshida. What a great villain  

Happy Birthday Pastor Ituah Ighodalo! See the Beautiful Family Photos and Sweet Note from his Wife Ibidunni… 

you make me so happy tbh?? and it makes my heart hurt wondering if you've been getting enough rest or if you're feeling okay and all that

It's Thursday today. The Conversation Club starts at noon; the Social Activity Club starts at 1:30 pm. Meet in L-029. #UAlberta #ELS

AS IF ONE OF MY TEAM MEMBERS JUST RAN INTO THE STOCK ROOM WHERE I'M EATING LUNCH, DID A BACKFLIP, THEN LEFT    

Star Wars 8: This Carrie Fisher Princess Leia news will break your heart  

Woman Stopped Short During 2013 Boston Marathon Now 'Stepping Strong' Toward Finish Line - CBS Boston / WBZ 

A big thank you to Cairns Wildlife Dome for taking the time to come to our school and show everyone their cute... 

Don't feel bad about not cooking for niggas who won't let you eat off their plate while y'all out. 

The Prescence andPower in this verse by verse guide2a familiar prayer will mesmerize as U focus on things above Get y… 

Stylish Faux Pearl Lace 3D Skin Case Cover Accessory For iPhone 4 4S 4G Coffee  

Table settings- the little details make all the difference, so leave it to maglebys_catering to… 

Not just bad journalism, it IS dishonesty when they imply wrongly that big businesses are leaving because of… 

RUSH: Surveillance of not-yet-POTUS Trump, team, officials BY Obama Adm went on for a year Obama along with Susan Rice behind it #SpyGate

Samantha Bee Rips Ivanka Trump: Do You Know What the F*ck Youre Doing? - Daily Beast  

Instant gratification: Downloading a countdown app just to see the number of days till the end of this school year decrease

Call blocking will be given to most vulnerable people  ^BBC 

Never in my life have I worn this much fucking makeup

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

I think youd sound great singing "All I have to give - BSB" on #Smule:  #SingKaraoke

Find a fuck buddy in your area instantly. Check This Out >  

alexis texas bad ass booty 

Pool side babe gets fingered and fucked 

You assholes and your janky, ornamental "fake" trees. I hate you all.                 

This is the sort of problem when you take historical/mythological figures and apply today's yardsticks. 

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

#startup Former police officer looks to help first responders with his VR company  #entrepreneur

I'm now an E-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 

If you were to move to America what state would you... — Somewhere in the South so I can finally become a co... 

Top story: Cuomo's first presidential test: Raise the age in N.Y. - NY Daily N…  see more 

Brody Working the middle of the field #watchout great weekend for the Knoxville Stars 

ass fucking for this horny latina 

Just compare it. What is hurt me a lot. it's totally better not to be with you. abortion is counted by too. I wanna be a human being.

PRESS RELEASE » Equality in the Workforce: Rising Fast or Falling Short?   #Opines on #Healthcare

Sending you Hugs and Kisses Virtually DEVJONs, DEVONairs, And TEAM JON MyPhone UltimateEndorser DEVON

get lit don't hate the 4 of us bitches finna masturbate     

The righteous fight to give David Moyes a slap - you all beat up your women, you're all the fucking same 

Hummingbird Crystal Serving Platter, 12" Round Platter, Avon Hummingbird, Wedding Gift, Anniversary Gift #vintage… 

Happy 18th Birthday to one of my fav humans<3 hope today is the best!! love you sister//roomie    

Gathering Highlights Power of the Blog (New York Times) automatically blog ping  #general

"The problem is not voting for a third party. The problem is voting for a third party that..has..no desire to lead." 

yall gmfu if y'all think ima put in extra effort in this hoe JUST CAUSE YALL DONT WANNA FIX THE LINE smh.

I'm so tired and drained I don't know how the studying is going to come out for this Thursdays paper 

McConnell’s shining moment | TheHill. Proud of our Leader. Principle + Strategy + Courage = Historic Legacy 

can i just say that miley cyrus is such an inspirational artist, activist, and overall a good person. #MileyisComing 

keith: god shiro i have so many insecurities and responsibilities i dont know what to do shiro: Vore Them keith: what shiro: V O R E T H E M

Paul Kersey: Do you believe in Jesus? Stomper: Yes I do. Paul Kersey: Well, you're gonna meet him. (BOOOMMMM) Death Wish 2   

Take me back to the old days Take me back to my old ways Lifestyle, yeah, the gang way Way before they called me Sensei

I'm blocked on Facebook because of my mood last night     Mfers can have a whole porn on FB yet I can't appreciate my body in glitter  

Even it's a short time make a silly jokes. He call me dumb. But I don't care. Because that a moment that I miss so much.

Jon Bon Jovi has always sung songs that meant something to him. He's older now so his songs will take on different… 

Trump can pull money from his businesses whenever he wants — without ever telling us 

#LeonardSimpsonTV MAC knows a thing or two about badass beauty launches. Whether it’s a product expansion like th…… 

How #Data Centers Use #Social #Selling to Increase Sales  

Found a Transponder Snail! Whitebeard and Luffy working together to save Ace?  #TreCru 

Home Depot Inc (HD) Shares Sold by Fred Alger Management Inc. - Chaffey…  #homeimprovement

for people w no lips y'all crusty wonder bread lookin motherfuckers sure be saying the most 

I'll need skin removal and my body will be covered in scars my entire life, that's the reality of it. It's not nice.

April 20: Learn more about our public DESIGN competition for the Pier 8 Promenade Park. Tell us your ideas!… 

Found a Transponder Snail! Shots of the Pirate Empress Boa Hancock!  #TreCru 

Alinas vagina licked before got fucked 

Indian trio, girls getting fucked anal 

Help us choose which parks should get a $20,000 grant! Enter and vote today. #MeetMeAtThePark #Parkies #BeInspired 

Jason the red ranger Puts others before himself and defend others. But is pressured to be great by everyone includi… 

Like how I regret not talking to Camila when I met her I hate being shy   

Comedian Koffi Once Again Comes For Kiss Daniel And His Record Label - Afro 100 - 

Saw these in the store yesterday so you know I had to try.  it. Can't wait to try the other… 

YOOOOOOOOO! Fucking ill!!!!!!!!! 

I hear ya. War is always about money. I just don't understand why it is so hard 4 Trump to reel in the CIA, but loo… 

Reason why Kyu get so much loves : He never leave venue without saying goodbye to fans, always accept gifts even bodyguards not allow to  

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

Issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a... More for Aries 

When working with small businesses, concentrate on minimizing risk and providing data-driven insights.… 

Talking with a friend about your long-term goals helps clarify... More for Gemini 

Its really fucked that the more forgivingandcompromising you are the bigger target you paint on your self. Might as well beg to be hurt

!#BBNaija: 5 Housemates Who Were Close To TBoss That Were Eventually Evicted (Photos) 

kickflip nose manual nollie flip out nobody fucking with my boy

The Dangerous Alphabet by Neil Gaiman Signed, 1st print  

*How to Orally Pleasure a Man - Milk it / suck it / stroke it using hands from balls to head 

Athletes’ medical data at risk after IAAF suffers alleged Fancy Bears cyber attack 

X-Files beginning season 6: we moved filming to LA so now 75% of our episodes are going to be set in California instead of all over the US

Wind 0,0 km/h SE. Barometer 1004,2 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 19,5 °C. Rain today 0,37 in. Humidity 89%

♮‡ Time Life Epic of Flight lot of 10 Hardcover Aviation Aviator flight f...  

COME ON YOU FUCKING SPURS!!!!! 

Just said good morning to a guy in passing. He replied "good, and you?" Then, hung his head. He knew he fucked up. Hate when that happens 2 me

Euro hooker gets creamed after sucking and fucking for cash 

That feeling when you bought tix to the Devils last home game of the year prior to Elias' retirement announcement! Saved a lot of $$$

GOD ALMIGHTY SHALL FIGHT FOR YOU, FIGHT THROUGH YOU AND FIGHT BY YOU IN JESUS NAME AMEN. 

Hell no it was mad niggas tryna talk to me today at work     ‍

 Responsive Web design is the approach that suggests that design and development should respond to the user’s...

Never Eat Alone, Expanded and Updated - Keith Ferrazzi and...  #Careers 

3 rows of #Boushie supporters on one side, several Stanley supporters on the other. Most staring straight ahead. #sask

Also, I find that lately I've been trying to branch out my friendships and meet new people and befriend them!

#girls being fucked in the ass boyfood porno 

Nautica Thorn gets fucked und schluckt 

1148 (2) FEDERAL CRAWL! Subang-Federal Highway to Majlis Link Exit, 11km/h, Delay 7mins, Drive Safely! #trafficbuzz #kltu

04-06 North Korea’s Nuclear Test Triggers Warning From...  #NorthKorea 

10-year study reveals treating mental health in a primary care setting improves patient outcomes and reduces cost. 

i always thought "Daughters" such a nice song. went back after seeing this tweet and sure enough, the toxic masculi… 

Keep voting #Katycats I vote for #KatyPerry #ShesTheOne 1 retweet=1 vote ♡♡♡ Wide awake: 650 millions views ☆

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do. - B. F. Skinner 

we cooked dinner together (from scratch) for the first time tonight ! may i present to you : wetti spaghetti NO bag… 

OMG!! I want this DVD! xD . What if the music videos are 4:44 minutes each ???    

She's just God damn fine Xx elodiezone xx daylightfestke     #edmkenya #Nairobi #Kenya… 

Bravo, Minnesota. This a message that should resonate through the world of football. 

#TBT to all of your favourite #Juve moments and matches from the past with #JuventusPass   

Slim Girl Getting Her Pussy Fucked Creampie In The Basement 

this dude snap chatted me saying he only watches my story for my baby nephew so now I will only post my nephew

I am proud to formally reveal Wisdom Graphic Design and Editing! Check it out here:  and order!

Black people low budget cookouts have quarter legs for the old heads and bullshit hotdogs for the "kids"      

13 reasons why honestly sends out a message to everyone about suicide and bullying tbh the show made me realize hm words nd pictures r worth

Your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push... More for Leo 

In case you missed it - 40 People Watch Teen's Sexual Assault On Facebook Live, Do Nothing 

Gladio's tattoo must've cost so much fucking money

I can't believe I watched 8 seasons of 70s for Jackie to end up with FUCKING FEZ

fucking canada #guyanies school girles porn pictures 

Damn, rushing for the airport this AM and forgot both my watch and my Vita. Gonna be a long flight! 

I don't think I can listen to arcane roots without getting a little emosh, Andrews voice gets me right in the feelz

Represent the #thrillseeker in you when you sport a #brocomethrough t-shirt!  

#ThePoint The fucking wall. A Breitbart parrot. Jobs, which aren't happening. C'mon, kids. Say SOMETHING. Oh, Christ. I heard SOROS!

I just want to have something with someone where we are sarcastic, goofy and play pranks but lay around and cuddle

I've just watched episode S13E128 of Plus belle la vie! #plusbellelavie #serie  

*takes headphones to grocery store to avoid hearing idiots speak*

Head on over to Palmetto Bay Park tonight and watch Lourdes softball take on Gables at 7:00. Go Bobcats!

this shit look disgusting smh 

“For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them” Jesus in Matthew 18:20

nude fucking photo gallary 

I can't help but to feel jealous. Do something! And stop moping around! Well surely it easier to said than to be done.    

We'll give $10/hd to let us film diverse set of feeder steers within 3 hrs of San Antonio. 20-50 head ideal. ASAP. 210.380.7459

Prepare For Mass Fucking Hardcore 

Alex: I've got a fucking granite dagger in my ass so

SIGNIFICANT WEATHER ADVISORY FOR NORTHEASTERN CALDWELL AND WEST CENTRAL HOPKINS COUNTIES UNTIL till 5:45 PM CDT 

This skywitch is creating ghostly images of herself casting spells. FUCKING HELL. #cbfrostbite

She even told me when it would show up in the catalogue so I could place it on hold before anyone else.

BOI SHUT THE HELL UPPPPPP i hate you for this 

There never was one idiots 

#Vintage Apple Juice Bakelite Carved Bar Pin Brooch. Art Deco. 1930s Bakelite Bar Pin. #etsy #jewelry ...… 

And I wish a nigga stay tf off my fucking twitter, worrying about what impost   

Imagine not having your phone or any communication w the outside world for 3 months just to be getting paid lmao issa bet

Nothing to do on a rainy day? Head over to The Little Red Truck Vintage Market in Missoula! Most items in our... 

"I am reminded how hollow the label of leadership ometimes is and how heroic followership can be." -Warren Bennis

Fat wife fucked on the floor in front of hubby 

Did you know it's National DIY Day? Well, we've got you covered if you are new to using an embroidery machine?... 

I went in without any expectations regarding original source material, and that's the best if you want to watch it

In CancunClouds Early/Clearing Late today! With a high of F and a low of 70F. #cancun #vacation #beaches

my dad called me and asked me what the doctor gave me for my cough and the first thing he said was "you better not sell it"  

i hope you get an heart attack you stupid fuck 

Swear nothing good comes out of a doctors mouth, even the good things sound bad. Like no wonder people hate going to you...

Fucking stupid, I hate Mojo, I hate Gronk. Fuck this stupid shit. #Wrestlemania

It''s a sunny day for first GandT on patio.. would still rather be skiing! 

Murphy and Williams share the opening two frames but Trump finds himself 2-0 down to Vafaei early doors. #snooker

its a fact that most modern day girls are badass si... — I do what you want it's your choice 

#Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same. -Ralph Emerson 

Davey's Voice had the honor of meeting #NamiKim #SouthKorea #DogMeatTrade #HelpNamiKim 

i hate this account i legit have no friends on here bc i'm an awkward fuck but i hate leaving bc sabrina is always active when i deactivate.

Latergram: Training my BFF -aww yeah!- not just making sure she's got a beautiful back, but also… 

Day4 #HipImmersion was looking forward to proper kung fu tonight w/out meds; something in my neck is horribly wrong… 

BetVictor #grandnational #HorseRacing #Aintree Get The Best Antepost Odds Now + Paying 6 places E/W Claim->… 

On the first Saturday of the month BCC volunteers go to Petco in Guilford from 10-1 to provide information about... 

FT! BOURNEMOUTH 1-3 CHELSEA 16' Diego Costa 19' Hazard 41' King 67' Alonso #BouChe #chelsea #goal #hazard... 

Source: QB Dak Prescott flying into Dallas for pre-draft visit with Cowboys #DakPrescott #DakPrescott… 

Smoke LED Tail Light Fit Harley Softail Dyna Electra Glide Night Tr  

New | "Meet the challenge" #LSU knows power arms and HR hitters await in showdown at SEC West co-leader Arkansas 

It's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today... More for Aries 

kids can be so goddamn weird and get away with it why didn't I take full advantage of that? I could've been leading my own neighborhood cult

Denmark is rightly proud of their smaller gap between rich and poor. Let's do what they do. #qanda

#SJEarthquakes #Quakes #Quakes74 #mls Three Questions With Sounder At Heart - Earthquakes vs. Sounders 

u can't talk about how a relationship must be nice when all u do is brag about how many dudes want u, but u curve them lmao ya look stupid

Amazing how much your life can change when you let go of the one person who was holding you back the most. Truly happy.

If I didn't so loathe this creep, I swear I'd feel sorry 4 him. He's so desperate 2 win, when his life is and has see… 

Taking away favors for big business makes the system more capitalist, not less. It allows small businesses to compete on a more even field.

Mark and Annie built a detached ramshackle structure on their property, surrounded by a high fence and chicken... 

Good Afternoon All, Just an FYI to mark your calendars for picture day. Pictures day will be Saturday May... 

Dogs in a complete panic as I casually stroll through the house singing "Suspicious Minds" at full volume in my best Elvis voice.

1/ test #4 this is the first tweet of a few. I want this to be exactly 140 character so I can update them because twitter blocks duplicates

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 197 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

Surprise Dirty John Kasich received at least 200K from #GeorgeSoros- no wonder he would not endorse #Trump 

Thiss da first time that I love someone without think carefully.. don't have to care that's right or wrong~~ just continue to love..

My target for Spurs is 73 points as that will be our best in premier league and show progression...A trophy would be nice too #COYS

My Friday morning office. Always thankful for work to do, even on #SPRINGBREAK #SmallBusiness #WeAreOpen 

Babe spreads her wazoo to receive fucked 

vCenter 6.5 Performance: what does 6x mean? [  

i can't wait for the live action lion king. if it's anything like what they did with jungle book, it'll be lit

#TheResistance exposed the truth b4 the Electoral College vote, which should NEVER hv been allowed to take place. LIVE and LEARN!

1975-1977 Emergency — Some Legal Recollections [From SCC Archives] by Ashok H. Desai, Senior Advocate, Former... 

The sad irony of Trumplings calling out those on the left for not yet having denounced terror attack in Russia while Trump still silent.

I was once all about tweeting shit. Now there are just too many platforms to post things. I simply cannot keep up. #Word

There were people complaining about getting pushed around in standing.Bitch I was drowning and I didn't complain  

Postmortems confirm Syria chemical attack, Turkey says | World news via /r/worldnews 

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

just to make it clear, the thing i have on in my ig post is a body suit... not a bra or whatever you may think

With this, I am going to bed. Its been a decent day, hope it is even better tomorrow. Goodnight everyone. 

Ok look, if the world is gonna end can it happen before 2:30 tomorrow cause I'm not prepared for these test. 

Fucking guys dropping nukes on the MLB market before 11pm. SMH

Dresden, Germany: The Saxon City of Contrasts Part... #blog #Featured #conozcopablo #Travel 

I fucked her in rush hour traffic Chris Tucker    

Had some photo fun when we were at Siem Reap Airport while on our way home. My roomie, who… 

Fucking stupid nigger. Stick to selling drugs. 

Marketing Tips for E-Commerce Businesses  #marketing #business 

  Had #Vacation with an #UberFucker. Made me want #MoreVacation. But the #BTeam fucked up my shows. #ByAccident. 

You're more interested in the act of creation today than you a... More for Gemini 

A #lovesong from the eighties: Chicago - Hard To Say I'm Sorry  #80s #ballad

I hate when I miss a lot of days ago and somebody ask where I been bitch minding my grown ass business.. the fuck

You intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici... More for Libra 

Look out for rattlers: 'Bumper crop' of snakes expected in Bay Area this year 

#Chefchaouen : #Morocco's Beautiful Blue City An unusual blue town in the Rif mountains of Morocco. #Travel… 

I'm watching some of the old SEVENTEEN TV videos and I want to cry. My babies grew up so fast and so well   

I'm legit stressing about this, because I love food too much and I hate not being able to eat like I normally do .

3D printing guru, Jim Rittenor, shares his expertise. He can help you too! 3D Printing Minnesota. #MakerSpace… 

Mortal Blitz for the PSVR could do a better job explaining its mechanics and offer more content, but the shooter is really fun.

restaurant closing times here are infuriating. does everyone in japan just piss off home at 10pm on a friday night

skinny girl sucking and fucking 

I want to be a youth again- when the world was normal and nuts weren't running the show. #prayforstockholm #PrayForSyria #PrayForTheWorld  

39 Hilarious April Fool's Day Pranks For the Devious Tricksters Out There:  Not even gonn… 

Manroyale Taking selfies leads boyfriends to fucking 

Funding Obligations Threaten Already Tapped State's Rainy Day Account #OklahomaCity  

GOP: Can my son-in-law join the party? GM: But he's been making deals with the Red Assassins GOP: So? GM: So he's evil? GOP: Huh? #GOPDnD

If you eat coleslaw you might as well eat ass you disgusting mf

none of my notifs are coming up I have to go to actual app to see my notifs for twitter and Snapchat

USA Model Apple AirPods MMEF2AM/A BRAND NEW Sealed. Free USPS Ship  

Know who you are and whose you are, I want to encourage us to embrace a new world and religious views as... 

Attacking an airfield but not damaging runways is like ordering a pizza but only eating the receipt.

<3 This! Those were the days! You remember this?  

Yall want to believe you trust him, cause you dont wanna look silly and you tell yourself do by masking it as "i dont trust her" lololol.

The Rangers need all the runs they can get though, no such thing as enough insurance for this team...

Full time work w bonus Indianapolis! $450 BONUS! Lyft sign on bonus. Jobs for u.  

i hate knowing someone next to me did something wrong bc i start acting super shady to the point where i convince myself i'm the guilty one

Founders of #Venmo and #Foursquare Explain How #Entrepreneurs Can Help Immigrants 

And a Gujarati PM speaking in Hindi rather than mother tongue proclaiming that it is majority language .    

2017.04.21.fri FIRE FRIDAY - ACKEE and SALTFISH NEW ALBUM RELEASE PARTY SP GUEST: ACKEE and SALTFISH, "E"QUAL, GUIDING… 

For the past month, I've been waking up at 3/4 am and will stay awake till 6 am then pass out and wake up at noon I don't like this

Can't believe the fact that I couldn't walk more than 10 mins without dying 6 months ago. Nothing like a good eveni… 

#RRN  User is curious how a scientist was able to collect samples from the bottom of the burning pit known as "the …

I ran out of characters for the great great great etc grandfather part of GOD being my DAD. We go way way way way way way back; way back.

Always wonderful to meet n click a #selfie with 1 of my fav actors, th inimitable #VijaySethupathi !  At #Kavan sh… 

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

Final/2OT: Cavaliers 135 Pacers 130. IND: P George 43pts, 9reb, 9ast CLE: L James 41pts, 16reb, 11ast (ESPN) 

South Africans Called On to Wear Black Tomorrow #BLACKMONDAY | SAPeople - Your Worldwide South African Community 

Best Sellers in Box Sets #5: Twelve Inch Seventies: Boogie Wonderland ~ Various Artists  

Kora: what's ur biggest fear? Me: death Kora: that's cool, mine is them voicemails. 

I’ve visited Paris, the city of love and art! #SUPERSTARLIFE  

almost like fucking a whore but not paying her 

#missy fucking bangboat sex 

putting the horse's well being before everything else. Her dream is to continue to compete while in parallel buying horses and developing

Appiah returns as Black Stars coach - Ghana have turned to a familiar face to take charge of the Black Stars af... 

I don't really hit people up like that anymore lost a few friends because of it but wrks both ways  ‍

Woman Self-Aborted Her Unborn Baby in the Third Trimester and Buried the Body in the Backyard… 

Bloody hell Bloody heaven BLOODY BELL超好聽!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I just said this and my brother said "I think you know what's won harriet." And started singing occidentali's karma   

62 too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of #tcspf4247919392dc019d5835d76535db9aa

happy april fools day to the people that said they will never switch up on me, y'all sure did fool me 

:: I have to listen to Con Funk Shun | "Love's Train LIVE" from the Live For Ya Ass album every morning ..

When I'm in front of my gaming PC or PS4 I usually want to play something epic. The smaller stuff can get overlooked

BetVictor are NR No Bet and 6 places (1/4 the odds) on the #GrandNational TandCs  

This electric skateboard is designed to glide like a snowboard  #Enews24ghanta 

hi I'm still a piece of shit that everyone hates!!!!!!

A wild Rhydon appeared! It will be at Kippa-Ring until 8:56 PM.  

First-round preview: Florida Panthers vs. New York Islanders...  #nhlplayoffs

Creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p... More for Pisces 

#sexualassault #granbluefantasy gimsswiss #facebook #cam fucked #lesbian #fantasyauthors momentsinberlin #escort 

im sure anyone can understand this subject even if you're not an architecture/engineering student as long as you're good at math bUT iM Not

Clearmob uses AI to optimize your social marketing campaigns  #socialmedia 

John Kasich Says He Can Win If He Runs Against Trump in 2020  

PetaPixel: What Do Photo Editors Want? At GQ, Your Images Must Pop  #photography #myown

and I still get fucked over  ‍ 

How sloppy science creates worthless cures and wastes billions  - #HN #Technology 

Fucking my roommates girlfriend while he was out of town 

Remember when I thought I designed these and it turns out I stole the idea from Forrest Gump 

oh my god y'all are fucking goddesses #ARMYSelcaDay

I just entered so-mine's Cool Stuff Giveaway. Please retweet #giveaway #GlassesontheGo #so-minecoolstuff 

The World’s Strongest #Coffee Will Take You On A Journey Into The Unknown  

one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Porcello's day is over with one out in the seventh and runners at the corners. Real good outing to start the season. Sox up 5-1

Fool Me Once; Shame On Me ... Fool Me Twice; I'll Fucking Kill Your Family  #insanitywolf #meme

Sexism row DUP man who likes sight of chief exec on her bike is registered blind  

  YASSS It's time for a great show Stefanie is2H4L:waking up is hard  

Dancers instantly swap freaky face masks using a face-tracking projector  

Two Falls Niagra Niagara River Gorge Islands Canada NY Parking Lot Car Postcard  

He's alright in fairness - seen a lot worse! Done a decent job of cranking atmosphere up at times 

#brownsville #videosporno vip #nailed #teendating highdef bignipples >>>  

If you're advertising beats, don't send your ads to another beatmaker; how much sense does that make.

"The Concourse How Six Years Of Civil War Led To The U.S." by Kinja! on Kinja Roundup, shared by Andy Orin to Lifehacker via Lifehacker …

Flash flood warning til 3 am and more heavy rain and wind for tonight. If you must drive, slow and steady for safety<EMOJI>️

any nigga who tripping I betcha he gone get fucked offfff

This happen 1 in every 80k births, and we actually got it on recorded...  

Can't believe everything for our wedding is almost paid off. Soooo excited! Ring shopping this afternoon   

who else would consider website building, audio editing and organizational design to be legit hobbies?

#Google #search: Fact Check now available in Google Search and News around the world - 

Steve Holmes In Retro Porn Fucking Hanna Harper 

[TRANS/ARTICLE] 170403 Starcast: Girl's Day 'I'll Be Yours' MV – Behind the...  by… 

Does the president thinks it's #FakeNews if he repeatedly lies in an interview with the New York Times and they publish the transcript?

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

#SERICC saving #NHS £2.4 million/year by providing specialist sexual violence services #WHEC Report: 

Nasty ass to face cumshots 

Humans need to reinstate the guilloteen for bad government officials. Once a year elections for presidents. Power... 

finished a nut and bolt rebuild on a Manfrotto tripod today, I paid £27 for it broken including pro head . . it's a £500 tripod . . . .

I dnt think I'm ready for a relationship...My nerves get too bad too easy, ppl be pissing me off and ion have time for the BS. I'll pass   

Have you tried #RicePaperRolls? They are a great alternative to #sandwiches and quick and easy to make… 

Good morning!  Rain moving into the area for our morning commute. Buckle up, allow extra time, no texting and driving… 

I don't want to say I don't need anybody cause youll push people away like that but shit I genuinely do not need anyone but me to be content

the minute it rains, snows or whenever the weather isn't sunny, people drive like idiots

[The Basketball Network] A Potential Los Angeles Clippers-Utah Jazz First Round Series  #Spurs

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Investors should understand the ways in which financial advisors are compensated for the services they provide. 

There is a huge element of difference between a casanova and an eve-teaser. UNWANTED and UNWELCOME "Lord Krishna" ~Justsaying

Liverpool FC Seven centre backs that should be on Reds' radar #LiverpoolFC  #liverpoolfc

The way these bitches hate I hope they get a check for ittttt

The world's largest dino print, Blue Origin's capsule for space tourists, and other amazing images of the week 

#free ''There are people who have money and people who are rich''  

Walking to the library and passing people on their way to pres is heartbreaking   can my essays be over now please?

Me and my nigga dclarkbeentrill go stupid dumb crazy     nah fr tho!! 

Bath and Body Work's secret to palm perfect hand soap is a naturally moisturizing coconut oil! 

Madonna reacts to Kendall Jenner’s canned ad in the most sarcastic way  

Top story: IDF Hackathon: The 3 coolest tech projects the IDF is working on rig…  see more 

March 27 to April 16 2017 get a $50 Mastercard Reward Card after submission with purchase of four new #BFGoodrich p… 

Sam Thaiday would have to be sloppiest fucking fat prick I have ever seen - needs to be shot #NRLBroncosRoosters #nrl #fatprick

"No longer a dark, gray bird, ugly and disagreeable...but a graceful and beautiful swan" Hans Christian Andersen, b… 

-PM shab,Another load factor of oposition.Atleast use sum common sens guys.I know its agenda but it shud b in toler… 

You prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg... More for Libra 

#selfieforseb these r ugly but see ya in a week fat ass   

I HATE SPRING BECAUSE MY ALLERGIES ALWAYS HAVE ME SO MF FUCKED UP

The draft is over. Waivers are open. Teams who drafted an injured player will find that player now on their DL.

Google Testing Breadcrumb URLs Above Titles on Mobile Search Results  #DigitalMarketing #SocialMedia #SEO #Marketing

QUIT THEN BANNON. AIN'T NO ONE FUCKING LOOKING FORWARD TO YOU. 

Ooh man, the good ol' #Genge days. Now you've got us on a trip. Sigh #EverythingMusic 

I fucking hate that all of you immediately decided to respond to this the way you all did

You know it's been tech week when you pass out for 9 hours and wake up not knowing who and where you are.

Litigation Funding: CACIC Arbitration Rules 2017, Public Source Materials, Legislation d... 

Shatner is a bitter old man. I blocked him. He blocked me. My life is better because of it. 

Oh just to let you know tia passed away who the hell does that? Fucking stupid.

Men’s Polarized Sunglasses Aviator Stainless Steel Sports Driving UV400 Eyewear  

Come out and enjoy free food with the Sozio RA's as they discuss the importance of Domestic Violence Awareness… 

Part 16: so in other words,..... Fuck this earth !!!!!!!!!!! Ima just have fun,......Maybe murder ppl,....

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

Why Your Small Business Should Hire a Virtual Assistant  via 

Newington win again! This time in the Under 19 Men's Coxed Four, recovering from a slow start to power over the top and grab gold! #SIRR17

Please RT #interiordesign #decoration #architecture #home New Year's Eve Table Setting  

There are some people who listen to you when you talk and there's other people who just wait for their turn.- Bryan Kramer #quote

Handbook of the Marine Fauna of North-West Europe: Author: Edited by Peter J. Hayward and John S. Ryland ISBN:… 

A "must" read: "Medically Assisted Therapy: The Best Choice for Opioid Addiction" --  

/Friends/ do not kiss each other's temples casually. /Friends/ do not interlace their fingers with each other's oh… 

Of course the snide rat faced little cunt only just now confronted me about it. I can't wait to leave this place place

emily's fucking rant in snapchat i'm living for it    

Every run counts. Every bit of junk food hurts. Do a few pushups. Run another minute. No mercy, it's not a game, it's your life.

Damn dude I haven't watched in ages but #ThankYouTaker 30+ years doing that is insane

(CBC):#UConn stunned at buzzer by #Mississippi State to end 111-game win streak : UConn's record 111-game.. 

fingered then fucked by throbbing cock 

Thoughts on Programming, Number 8: To detect errors, the programmer must have a great number of countries, some of the project remains the s

I was a fucking boss ass bitch before you and I'm still a boss ass bitch after you. Not a things changed

That shows how people underestimate ya boy soo much, but I'll never change for nobody. I'ma make it being myself.

My blessings!!! I'm so happy to be home   thanks   to all the mighty forces which made it possible.… 

I NEED A GIRL THAT SAYS "HEY LETS STUDY" INSTEAD OF GOING TO EAT SOS SOS SOS I FUCKED UP

Waiting for Donald Trump's approval rating to drop significantly #SyriaStrikes 

CAN YOU LIKE STOP FUCKING THE FLOOR OH MY GOD KIM YUGYEOM

You long to be the center of attention, but you can take your ... More for Leo 

FinnCap Reaffirms Corporate Rating for CityFibre Infrastructure Holdings PLC (CFHL) 

pornstar and shemale bianka fucking 

Make time for your body, anytime of the day, anywhere! #LoveYourBody #Wellfie Jiyo4Life #playsfit #sports… 

Anna Alexandre Gets Fucked 

The Bay Area will reset itself. It's already going through some sort of correction / purge cycle, especially at Uber and the other big names.

Kushner retains scores of real estate holdings while in WH  #HoustonRealEstate

Note to my lactose intolerant self: two chocolate milks and 4 ghost pepper pepperoni sticks is not good on the b-hole

About time to hold Trump to same standard the GOP would hold a Democrat under investigation! #NoProbeNoRobe 

If I were an #OOTD kinda woman I would totally drop one today. My suburban mom game is unfuckwitable.

Nothing romantic about life for these poor exploited #horses. #slavery #AnimalCruelty #BanHorseCarriages… 

ALICE YAS TELL HIM FUCKING TELL HIM 

I'm grateful that UVU live steamed their Mormon studies conference. Many great presentations so far! #uvumormon

awscloud: Use Amazon SNS pub/sub messaging to invoke Lambda functions in #Serverless apps:  

WHEN HOSEOK THREW WATER AT US, I WAS FUCKING BAPTIZED BITCHSKSK #BTSinAnaheim 

5k run , seems to be nearly too short   and I've done only few LSR so far! Good to keep legs moving   #running and #relax

We got a fixed date for our excursion to the gemstones market! Finally! After voting for the best date!    

Ver CUM COVERED! cum on faces, tits, ass, pussy, stomaches. CUM EVERYWHERE! Video Porno 

US General: Preemptive Strike May Be 'Only Option Left' With North Korea  

NEXCOM’s Turnkey Industrial Storage Solution Secures Data with Ease   #Opines on #IoT

I have some surgeries next few months even latest the fall as Doc put it. Which means Traveler events may be on and… 

#Actor THE RAIN MAKER RAINMAKER WIDESCREEN #DVD MOVIE #MattDamon DANNY DEVITO FREE SHIP  #GoodWillHunting

Amazing to see the power of breaking down the walls of what we think “classes” are! #pblchat #DeeperLearning… 

Eat Sleep DANCE Repeat! #glsinspiration   Dance is my Passion and I am so grateful to be able to share it each week... 

Topical #SEO - Something Every SEO Should Really Know About  

Girl gags on toy before fucking all her holes 

Microsoft To Sell Customized Edition of Samsung Galaxy S8 Android Smartphones 

Targeted #ISIS accounts    #targets #iceisis #opiceisis

are *not* the brightest people in the world,by any stretch of the imagination,creating fake accounts w/ the name,Herbert, in them

Join Hofbrauhaus Columbus for their April keg tapping celebration tonight at 6pm! 

The Bluejays are still looking for their first base-runner after 3 innings. On the bright side, the sun seems to be coming out.

If you’re feeling nervous or anxious about meeting with a financial planner, you’re not alone.… 

#Israel #Times of Israel #TOF broadast by #EMET_NEWS_PRESS: Army to seal off West Bank, Gaza for Passover holid... 

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

think about how much planning she did to have the usbs placed in each location...what a woman honestly

#crazy shemale porn muslim woman sex pic 

"An Alternate Plan in Case of a 911 Failure" by J. D. BIERSDORFER via NYT  

You're feeling a sense of professional pride today, stemming f... More for Scorpio 

I hate hate hate a bitch who is always in pointless drama  

When ur trynna take a simple class picture but everybody throwin up middle fingers and gang signs   

Nike puts out such great apparel for their teams..it pains me to say this but that black shirt the ducks are wearing tonight are  

Every time I see that sad, depressing, impodent man, Mike McQueary I get pissed off inside. Using a child molester to get millions from PSU.

Watch our webcast live in a few minutes! Facebook Live and YouTube Live, What you need to know.#livestreaming 

It can even have essential parts of it amputated, due to necessity. yet, it can survive. It can regrow. And remake itself, again and again.

Learn how to generate leads on Instagram and get your #FREE training video and Cheat Sheet > 

Nigga that's sick af my gawd 

Let's show our Love for Kisses by Liking and leaving possitive comments to all her pictures and videos. TY! ~ joy

Our greatest glory is, not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. Ancient Proverb #failure #succeed

I just made a donation to the National MS Society! Together we can create a world free of MS. #WalkMS 

State of Emergency in Atlanta after the Interstate caught fire and FUCKING COLLAPSED. 

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

Whats with that monomane yuya!!!! *giggles* your voice is so sexy and rich oh goshhhh im trying not to laugh and die at the same time xD

Seeing both sides of an argument is not a new dilemma for most... More for Libra 

edaccessible"Fact Check: Trump, Faulting Obama on Syria, Contradicts Himself"  #news #popu… 

Even when Joey Ryan proposed, there was no turn but he still rolled her up for the pin after she said yes. #WrestleMania

some guy whos never once given feedback or workshopped anyones work has sent in 20 pages of his work for us to edit can u believe the cheek

EJSHS Girls Powerlifting Team earned 4th place at state powerlifting meet! Great work individually to earn this... 

We are at Meta Payment Systems/TCI today from 11a until 130p. We will be parked between the two buildings right along Broadband Ln.

Because people like to argue about the same topics on here. Wash, rinse, repeat. 

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

Told Red just Remember Da 1'z who did stay dwn and have Always (Supported)<EMOJI>️#not2many #harley #barely #RawGMula

I cried a little when we won.     One of the worst UNC games iv watched. But doggone-it we won! #GDTBATH #NationalChampionship #GoHEELS

I havent slept much tonight Too much coughing and just being ill Id like to not be ill now thanks body

Pleased for boys today, took their own team talk and didn't make the game difficult for themselves #proud 

People in your immediate environment may be the cause of emoti... More for Capricorn 

Across the Universe - Julie Taymor | Action and Adventure |544743026  

Mosquitoes and ticks are going to eat us all alive this summer  Better to be prepared than ignorant!

Traffic for 5:45 AM #757 #HRVA #HamptonRoads #HRTraffic  

You can tell you're not built for this ... just beg your ex to forgive you and hopefully you can be basketball wife  

You've got to wonder who green lighted this ad. Pepsi Apologizes, Pulls Kendall Jenner Protest Ad After Criticism 

#gorilla fucking woman porn hd dvd 

Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. -Anton Chekhov

niggas always want to take advantage of everything . just stupid

This is why black people don't swim, guy almost drowns and try's to play it off    

I'm actually so broke but yes I'm gonna drive 5 hours this weekend for alcohol who tf do you think I am?

I like texts with long replies. It makes me feel special, as if they actually want to talk to me. IkawAng KISSESunshineKo

Femme Skinny Avec jolie Tits Gets Fucked 

Scandrick: Romo will be 'brutally honest' as analyst #DallasCowboys  

New Node: 192.162.96.79 Issue: #WordPress Login Brute Force Network: Kaora, s.r.o.  #badbots

Found a Transponder Snail! For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!  #TreCru 

nigga you broke you buggin, fuck you lil hoe you ugly   

DV jokes over a fucking IG like? A Fucking IG like! This is just ...

A baby giraffe is called a calf. A giraffe calf. We could save some time by using the term "Gir-calf". You're welcome. #AprilTheGiraffe

(My son does not ask for any details. I do not give any details. He knows how to reach me and that I am in the area… 

Campus Life TONIGHT from 7:17 to 8:30pm in the BMS cafetorium. See you there! 

he just wanted to fucking EAT i hate people 

A custom foosball table with shatterproof phones instead of players? That’s so baller. #MotoZ #punsfordays… 

You might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t... More for Scorpio 

So, if we make a petition to take all the money she's made and give it to those in need, can we overturn her unfor… 

"bombing for peace is like fucking for virginity" 

A rested Ristolainen is a dangerous Ristolainen. Suspension is up and the D-man returns to the Sabres' lineup. 

The Kashmiri boy who refused to leave police custody #BBC #BBC  

Fucking hell this is awful. 

what many says it's hard to get, but whatever God has finish nothing can change it. Alhamdulillah.. Next?

I'm not leaving my house at all tonight or tomorrow fuck Work !!

Have you signed up to make art as a family on Saturday with Megan Schiller of the Art Pantry?

11th Medical Research Symposium Submission deadline is until 25 April 2017 Symposium Date : 10 - 11 May 2017 

A Drexel University professor sparked more outrage with his recent comments on the military. 

He got a micro penis and he mad about it. 

Your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today, bringi... More for Virgo 

All of y'all bitches are hatin me right now haters are givin me strength bangin your t-shirt like it was nothin and I know       

Actually that's all I've got and I don't think tony even wears leather just black love my great eyesight

examples off Australian Citizens sacrificed over Australia government corruption in drug dealing. google THE EXPENDABLE PROJECT

It's not entirely confirmed what the chemicals were, but experts suspect a powerful nerve agent.… 

but usually a doctr is the only one who sees that.. now the entire illustration class saw.. next week will be interetsing...

Xbox 360 Bundle 60GB 17 Games Nyko Intercooler +More Gears of War Midnight Club  

"Could you stop eating and fucking pay attention to me" Bout had a heart attack   

I hate my life some bad shit always happening now I have to drive 2 hours smh...

THEY BROUGHT UP ETHAN IN THE PREVIOUSLY I FUCKING KNEW!! HE'D SHOW UP THIS EPISODE #TheCatch

In life, I have made a lot mistakes and I have felt a lot of pain, but mistakes make me smarter and pain makes me stronger.

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

three girls kissing and fucking 

The Open Soul of Freddie Gibbs   

Raheel Sharif's appointment to Saudi-led military alliance a state decision, says DG ISPR 

Oregon had the chance to when the game . Gtfoh . Stupid asses

Removing shells from nuts or seeds with your teeth can cause chips and cracks. 

Cover ups at the end of the day are annoying as fuck

Marine Le Pen "I want to stop immigration.. and genuinely combat the social fraud" Stop our tax waste!… 

I want to go for a run but my ankle is still fucked up. I hate my life. Ugh.

I don't understand the point of being emo.. so stupid. Sick and tired of all this emo bullshit

BITCH I JSUT ORDERED JEONGGUK N TAEHYUNG PHOTOCARDS IM SO HAPPY N EXCITEDHFHE 

HAHAHAHAHA where am I wrong?! Why are you straight out denying what I say?! We got no tour dates at all! 

HAPPY BIRTHDAY T AKA PIMP T DADDY AKA DOOT AKA COOLEST PERSON IN THE WORLD. TY FOR BECOMING MY BFF ILY 

On finite products of groups and supersolubility - On finite products of groups and supersolubility Arroyo Jord... 

Yes we re classy and real not fake personalities we have, even illiterates re confessing! 

#Khaidino150 #ramcharan my dear ramcharan tej please see my video and try to release the picture in kerala.… 

You may finally decide to show your hand today. Although you w... More for Taurus 

there's a gnat or something and binx just tried to catch it between his paws and it was way too cute, send help

Central Pa. lawmaker launches attack on state funding for Planned Parenthood : Thursday Morning ... 

I just put the bub to bed and am now steaming clothes. Hubs had to run out for work. So much glamour for a 4th wedding anniversary. #momlife

Another idiot #newtgingrich 

Favstar_Bot: Darlainky 50 s! Your tweet has been liked by 50 people.  

Worlds longest fucking train and I have to be stopped by it

Joan Ov Arc, performing live at 'The Big Red' in Islington.    A terrific night! (31-3-17) #thekutgirlsrock… 

"Daddy's little princess" seen this Fucking line everywhere, what's app, Facebook, twitter, sick of it!!!

You can't say everybody a side piece to somebody cause that's all you knew all your life hoe    I HATE FB

time to go back to Monsant and grab some of this. i only got to bring home d black sleeves and some tissues. oh. stirre… 

Woke up 45mins late, first time I've looked at myself today. And you know what? I actually like… 

i prefer to distance myself whenever i’m in a bad mood because i’ll become the most heartless person you’ll ever meet.

Please RT if you like!! #architecture #design #architects #interiordesign Brighton Pool in Australia… 

It's important to stick to a schedule. Try tq make it thaough at l|ast 2000 excuses for nox writing eveaywday.

every time i hear Centuries by Fallout Boy it reminds of the 2014 college football playoff and i get mad.

“Be the change you want to see in the world.” Join Us……….  

Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. - Johann Wolfgang von… 

hey,im the one who ask bout;r you gonna stay wif me till my last breath..you shld noe who am… — Who r u?????     

ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME. 

I never understood his role. Like I understand there are supporting characters but he didn't support shit. And he b… 

dream disappointment of the day: only remember one line of the Finn and Jake style song Sans and Papyrus were singing about their misadventures

took this pic with my samsung s3 we fucking lit my nigga 

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

Never use the wrong word again. Prepare for the PSAT or just improve your language. Misused Words.… 

The FBI said Sherri Marvelli was just here to pimp I out. Fuck her. Goodbye- Tragic Marriage Clark Gable 

Seven arrested in Russia metro bombing probe:  #CounterTerrorism #intelligence

I'm shook I spoke to my professor for the first time since the semester started and he basically knew my whole life

What the hell are we doing not wanting refugee children into the US? Horrifying. 

Second last week of undergrad = a dinner of sautéed green beans and celery... an impressively unfulfilling negative calorie meal

Tarkin looks so bad in Rogue One, I don't understand why they didn't just use Guy Henry's face, especially now that they're recasting Han

Why pull down your blinds anymore, who isn't watching you! How will ISPs collect and sell your browser history? 

[ Books and Authors ] Open Question : How can I prevent the main character of my novel from sounding. . . whiny, I suppose?: As I have been…

He could have laid her stupid ass out with one hit if he wanted to 

You're either on my side, by my side, or in my fucking way

im so sorry to everyone but this acc will be closed thank you for making me happy all this while i love yall im out

US #1 3:49.89 for Luis Grijalva (Armijo) in section 3 of the collegiate 1500 at the #StanfordInvite. That's on pace for a 4:08 mile.

To all who's interested in me plz don't play games and drop hints am slow as hell I can't be Nancy drew Just tell… 

My favorite book ever has a second book from a different perspective and I just can't wait to read it.

Trevor unpacks Trump’s nepotism, the arrest of South Korea's former president and North Carolina’s bathroom bill. 

Joe Gibbs Racing Announces Kyle Benjamin will drive Four NASCAR XFINITY Series Races in 2017 

Wiggins ran out of gas should've let Towns help take some slack but why did they keep going to him when he went cold any other time they dnt

The #PepsiLivesMatter thing is a perfect example of manufactured outrage and much ado about nothing.

#BREAKING: Confirmed EF1 short track tornado touched down near Sharpsburg, GA in eastern Coweta County yesterday. The latest at 11

terribly bc I didn't study, missed two lessons and don't remember shit from before spring break,,,, ufck

So used to Quinn and I being alone that I can walk around naked until our friend decides to come over and i didn't lock the door   

New post: Mulayam says Modi was right about Akhilesh, son's insults led to UP loss 

ANGELS WATCHING OVER ME - Poem by Michael E. Harris  Imagination is essential to unleash this poems beauty. Enjoy

I have a roach limit when I visit people homes,1st act like didn't see nothing,2nd start looking around,3rd roach HELL NAW,I'm out!!   

Wars have been fought over less. And this is just 1 of a dozen such issues (Northern Ireland, British expats...) 

Anyone know what song is the original song of #JIMIN 's lie? It's written in WINGS album and I don't have them in my hands now. T T #BTS

Quick sketch of Clover and Maple with their core motivations. Both come from different tribes in far off locations … 

We're gonna take a look at the horses for sale in Germany too which is another reason we're going bc I can't compete tic tac

Reporting or even talking about what's happening in Syria is something I really struggle doing, it's just not right,

oh absolutely!!! you make an excellent point, that's definitely a problem with society 

After stepping on glass that went through my shoe and into my foot, I'm going to sleep. Of course, that was in no way the worst thing 2day.

And she did her secondary education in Nigeria ooooo...... Really now ask yourself what she has to offer if she wins??

Pretty sure this is the uniform set Gonzaga wore against Tennessee. Also pretty sure it was the best opponent uniform of the season.

Their message was powerful. The filming? Took some practice ;) Happy #AprilFoolsDay from our #GirlsInc girls :) 

RE FUCKING TWEET THIS BITCHES 

Haven't read her fic either. I don't make it a habit of reading people who are PROUD of being "anti cc". Get yourselves away from me.

Found a Transponder Snail! Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!  #TreCru 

The way you get hoed, the truth is you'll get hurt,like the light of a blazing asteroid hurtling toward your face. 

"The stats don't fit my opinion so I'm going to invent a conspiracy theory that Özil is stat padding KMs by running… 

Centre section of the Hexbeam showing new elements for 20m thru 10m and 2 x GB3SEK high band chokes in series. 

Terry Flanagan meets Vasyl Lomachenko if he defends title  

How do these people get tickets? Beyond belief. Fucking souvenir hunters. Hate them.             

Clarence Johnson Beats AIDS #When you thought Magic Johnson Beat AIDS... #magicjohnson #aids #beataids... 

Even though Ramis Khan has a smal role in the movie ,his debut has been anticipated since the cast was officially announced .#RaastaTheMovie

Timberland and Quaker Oats testing new ad formats from PadSquad to stand out on mobile 

Wat the Warriors have been able to do in this win streak shud scare the rest of the league. Def not even their final form  

9. Zuma remains African. He is suspicious of educated people; what he calls "clever blacks", are difficult to rule and must be cut to size.

#NowPlaying 21st Century (Digital Boy) by Bad Religion - #ListenHere  

Who Plays Hannah in 13 Reasons Why? Celebrity Bikini  

Fucking with me yet you should MTV isand#160; check me out on MTV artistand#160;

Sometimes you have to stop living in fantasy and learn to be thankful for what you have, not what you want to have.

A small part of me will always feel sad it wasnt me who could be there for you, but im happier now that youve found someone who can

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

A2. Both. We are all responsible for talking to each other, learning about each other. It's hard to take the 1st step but necessary #WMWP

WAR OF POWER: Buhari Is A Noisemaker!! I Lack Words To Describe Him – Speaker Dogara Boils In Anger  #Post_Nigeria '

The media just fucking hate us 

Turns out executing 8 men in 11 days miiiiiiiiiight take a toll on the mental health of prison staff. 

I'm competing to be named the UK's best FM Manager. I don't think I'm the best manager in my relationship and the O… 

A wild Phanpy has appeared downtown Indy! IV:48.9% Available until 20:09:10 (28m 17s). 

Flexibility Will Close The Women’s Leadership Gap  #WomensLeadership #WomenInBusiness 

This nigga was so cold in college 

Ricky Morton and Robert Gibson, The Midnight Express. They're not deleted, folks. #WWE #WWEHOF 

I just watched "Honey I Shrunk The Kids" for the umpteenth time and I just realized how UNSEASONED this bug ass tur… 

Permanent Representative of #Belarus to the #LeagueOfArabStates Sergei #Rachkov met w/ the Assistant to the General Secretary Hossam Zaki

Please RT #weddings #brides A Colorful Whimsical Wedding Proposal  

They closed the hole in the wall shawarma place I loved by gogo curry and built a teriyaki chicken place. I feel very conflicted right now

Wanna bet their "fears" about how Trump would handle calls with other leaders, national security, is used to justif… 

Aireator Fade Red/White/Blue 6" It's hard to believe the Aireator sock, in all it's different… 

SOTT IS BEAUTIFUL SOTT IS BEAUTIFUL SOTT IS BEAUTIFUL SOTT IS BEAUTIFUL SOTT IS BEAUTIFUL SOTT IS BEAUTIFUL SOTT… 

I DONT KNOW YOUR FUCKING FRIENDS !!!! HOW CAN I INVITE ANYBODY !!!! 

Logic "Everybody" Official Lyrics and Meaning | Verified Logics bars on this song are craaazy     

Tom then submitted a Petition for a Writ of Certiorari to the United States Supreme Court. If ever there was a... 

Japanese Dragon Ball Art! Son Goku VS Bardock.  #dragonball #dragonball super

Oml if this is fucked up its cuz twitter is trash and so are moments idk why tf its like this and wouldnt stay in order but   

Her door AND SEE A FUCKING GUY SITTING ON HER FUCKING BED

There are two types of men: Jermaine Davenport: your face getting better. It's clearing up. Zidayne S Alonzo:... 

Love how she didn't show boat or anything. Just put the shot up and was like money. #clutch #lovetheunderdog 

Trump AG moves toward keeping campaign vow to cut federal oversight of police departments- including Chicago's cops 

georgia attended "american express celebrates the new platinum card with hamilton takeover experience" last night i… 

hello sir , i am charlie luo ,we are manufacturer for IR LED and IR receiver and light sensor , nice to meet u 

#Tech Fix Unavailable Apps in Windows 10: Apps and Features showing Unavailable in Windows  #tech

What goes around comes around. You never know what ppl did to get what they are getting. Everybody isn't a victim.

Pearl Jam in the hall.  Pretty much solidifying me being an old man. They occupied many moments of my teenage years. 

#Photography: butterfly on green #Nature #light,leaf,orange,plant,butterfly,green,black,water lily,noir,vert,break,… 

Eric Trump is so damn ugly, when Ivana dropped him off at school she got a ticket for littering.

Feeling so thankful for everything in my life, especially with what's going on abroad like at Syria.  

Scoreless, 1 min to play in 1st period, high-tempo pace, and physical, between Rivermen and Antz. Look very much like 2 top teams battling

It is impossible to know where his presidency will lead or how much damage he will do to our nation. #Trump 

My room is: CO2: 472ppm Pressure: 1021.35hPa Temperature: 20.19°C Humidity: 44.47% Luminosity: 286Lux 2017/04/03-09:37:27

Happy Monday all wish u all have a bless full day   -believe me not me made this   -… 

Mo County was never my scene , ever. Joint tell me she from GA avenue I just hope she meant the DC side

Homer Simpson: Lisa, you take the car. Lisa Simpson: But I can't drive. Homer Simpson: Haven't you lear.. #cinema… 

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Why, for the love of God, does glade handle GTK3 but glade-3 handles GTK2??? Just name glade-3 as glade-2 so I can stay sane

Homemade pasta tonight. Mushroom and Thyme filling. Park wheat dough. #yegfood #diyfood 

If Saudi Arabia agrees with you then you fucked up. 

"There will a little bit of an attitude adjustment on the oversight committee" 

Why am I such a roastable person? Even 9-10 year olds find it easy to verbal me. How do I fix this plz help

Niue. Photo by Msdstefan under creative commons de.wikipedia  

I might come here to post if anything interesting happens. But I'm not gonna scroll through my timeline like a zombie anymore  

Why You Shouldn’t Walk on Escalators  #innovation #technology 

FAA: Kenya complies with international safety standards  

The same people who already were complaining about Trump. I get it, pictures of dead Muslims is sad. Unless........… 

OMG it's been exactly a year since I saw 5SOS. It's gone so quick, I love those boys. Please come back  

Time for fucking about is over, please let's make a statement tonight. #mufc

I think Trump wants to get to know all dictators. Probably thinks they may be useful in the future. 

Jully, 22, is ONLINE: I`m a sensual and romantic girl with extremely beautiful eyes, smile and very…… 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

real picture of me from google maps after i tweeted that i dropped ifnt as an ult group 

RASIST.... This idiot should be prosecuted. #zumamustfallmarch 

#girl fucked by dalmatian sex girls toys 

u guys are So fucking braindead jesus christ 

Former agriculture minister accused of destroying records linked to live export ban:  - ABC News #Latest

In light of the subsequent revelations about possible collusion between Trump and the Russians, as well as the... 

Anuragji I am a Good administrator I can wonderfully complete the projects of any social cause for our mutually con… 

My other sister this morning tried to april fools me by saying she broke my ps3 but fool i only care about my ps4 and its in my room

ppl who actually wait for u to look at the camera piss me tf off lol i gave u my camera to take candids of me cmon 

carried out with US support, 4,014 killed and 1000's injured by airstrikes b/w Mar2015—Sep-2016 #2YearsOfWarOnYemen 

LATimes: 'Nothing Prepared Us For The Magnitude Of This Train Wreck'  

Panties that weren't the girlfriend's came out when he was unpacking stuff for their apartment. #nowornever

Guillem Balague discusses Barcelona, Real Madrid and transfers in his weekly column - SkySports 

That's ok, neither was their team (a student goes to REAL classes) #tooeasy 

It's annoying how my brother goes to town east with his bitch  

I like living a small village. It will not remain small for long. I see many new people moving in and building homes here.

Not A Conspiracy Theory: Harvard Reveals Big Oil-Approved ‘Stratospheric Injection’ Engineering 

Sometimes you can't separate the CEO from the company. This is the story of Uber's Travis Kalanick… 

Kogi Govt Inaugurates Steering Committee For World Bank Assisted Public Sector Governance Reforms And Development 

Dixie Chicks mad as hell lyrics 

HOLY SHIT MY CHOGOKIN GIL FIGURE CAN ACTUALLY WORK WITH PHONE TOUCH SCREENS MY NEW SUMMONING CATALYST

Their are accounts from a country that hasn't existed in over 25 years, wow that's amazing. 

Yesterday I was clever so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself. - Rumi

Jadakiss And Styles P Call Out Sneaker Store Manager Over "Poor Customer Service" 

Dear Consumers, There is an Interruption in Supply to 11KV Jaya Nagar Feeder Area From 33/11KV Asmangadh Sub... 

Here's our angle of Dante Exum getting fouled (no call), landing on hip, and having to run to the locker room in ob… 

Swimsuit clad skiers parade down Sochi's slopes in world record attempt  via YouTube

I wanna be fucked ! Let's have a chat -  

Forget Reigns. Tonight was the retirement of the best character in the history of professional wrestling. #ThankYouTaker #Wrestlemania

At 3:30 I was writing a paper, at 4:30 I am drunk BY MYSELF at a bar....things have escalated quickly

Me and karima are checking out this cute boy at this gaming cafe omg. I suddenly love men!!! *deletes all tweets about how I hate men*

Do I take summer classes?   Is an idiot  Hates herself  Looks like this operation is a go folks

See a virtual tour of one of our newest #listings 2014 Palm Forest Lane #Houston #TX  

I hate April fool's day, I hope no one pulls a fucking joke on me.

That feeling when you have three days to do an assignment but you're going out tomorrow so you better get going...sigh

Lololololo meet up in a pub ? I'll text you the postcode and maybe we can discuss what a fucking twat you were to m… 

Don’t trust too much. Don’t love too much. Don’t hope too much. Because that too much can hurt you so much.

And then y'all always like to go "well their singers not dancers" if that's the case then bitch don't fucking dance !

I honestly love my degree so much but what the fk, dosta više this stress is way too much? what idiot decided to make it 37282 things due??

#WrestleMania this is so STUPID! Thank god!! That wyatt shit was getting annoying

Convinced myself that I am dying from lactic acidosis. Why is it always at 9pm on a bloody Monday evening...

Pope Francis opens door to recognize SSPX marriages – On Tuesday Pope Francis approved a way for the Church to ... 

#ITOps Managers: need a way to tame the chaos? Learn how #LeanKit can help:  

I even complained about it to the faculty and they were sympathetic and all, but you could just tell that…nobody really cared.

im sick and tired of people thinking $5 foot longs still exist, them hoes been gone for like 4 years, shut the hell… 

UN team arrives Nigeria to assess Boko Haram landmines -  team of United Nations experts ... 

If it talks like a government and acts like a government, it must be a tech giant  

The two women employees of SBI, Badshahpur, Gurugram, were taken hostage by two men. CCTV shows them threatening the two women with a gun

The only good thing Steve Bunce has ever done was when he got bullied off Bernard Hopkins in a caravan #sorrybernard

I uploaded a new episode, "Baseball and the Youth. It's just not clicking", on #spreaker 

This Founder Shares the Mindset That Helps Her Stay On Track | by NinaZipkin 

Anyone remind me of some of the times EIHL league or a team fucked up this season? I've lost count

"I just wanna take you anywhere that you like, We could go out any day, any night, Baby I'll take you there." - One Direction

ELVIS PRESLEY ULTRA RARE SHOOT PHOTOGRAPHY RARE IMAGE • 04  

nobody understands how much i be ready to knock Marquis whole fucking neck off his shoulders. that boy hits nerves nobody else knows of stg 

#Utrecht #submissive uniform #sensualmassage #housewife fucking #skypesex #model porno #videochat #instalife 

I've just always been the one that puts in more effort and ended up getting shitted on i'm just kinda sick of it you know?!?!?!?!?!?!?

Cheater!?! Get the Hell out of here with that CRAP!!   

#ActionableSEOTips From  Title Tags are used to show the title of your post in google... 

Baby Boomers:Joint Health. Life Extension Fast-Acting Joint Formula "Don't Let Soreness Slow You Down!" GO NOW:… 

I hate when people be like fighting is ugly... what's ugly is these niggas shooting each other instead of fist fighting.

Dolce and Gabbana Designer Defends Dressing Melania Trump And Doesn't Care What You Think! -  

Because he's a special little pet dem. Sickening. Perv, Satanic 'Spirit Cooking' 

SEND RETARDED QUESTIONS PLEASE 

If I'm being honest... you said I should be honest... so I'm being honest... I'm gonna listen to this album all day… 

Houndour IV:?%(?/?/?) Move Set: unknown/unknown Available until 06:44:05 (4m 37s). 

A lot of learning happened during Wellness Day yesterday. Check out these students doing yoga, making worry warrior… 

How's this for an #engagementring   Made in my own workshop in #HattonGarden    If you want me… 

Guy just asked for a shaker from our lost and found cause he forgot his. We don't clean them knowing this he doesn't care and got a dirty-

SpaceX's launch today could revolutionize the industry: Watch it live  

In 2 weeks time, I'll be ending lent and I can't fucking wait!   

Until you cross the bridge of your insecurities, you can't begin to explore your possibilities. - Tim Fargo #quote

When one closes another opens. You have to be ready to take advantage of the opportunity when it comes.

Found a Transponder Snail! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!  #TreCru 

#5: LifeStride Women's Spark Pointed Toe Flat: LifeStride Women's Spark Pointed Toe Flat…  #Flats #Womens

HCL to invest ₹500 cr. in State, to focus on IP We can teach youth engineering in two years: HCL chief 

Larvitar available until 10:25:54pm (29m 44s). Rock Smash / Ancient Power (64.4% - 11/9/9) 

hannah + clay- why didn't you say this to me when I was alive? #13ReasonsWhy 

Its recorded that Hebrew is written similar to Arabic, and Canaanites written language. Let's identify! Chinese and Japanese writing and Arabic.

  THIS IS THE PART WHERE YOU DONT LET YOUR GIRL SEE YOUR PHONE   IF YOU SEE SOMEBODY YOU KNOW… 

It's difficult to refuse junk food at work. Here's a great way to get #healthy: Bring your own lunch.… 

I have lowkey cramps and I swear to fucking god if I'm on my period I'm going to punch my uterus.

- knows I like kpop but he always critique my music taste cause mid-tempo/slow songs are nice cause they're not upbeat  

On another note, my bro andhis gf are annoying af i'd much rather put my hand on a hot stove than listen to their conversations!!!

It's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig... More for Virgo 

It's mid-way through StMels MusicalSociety All Shook Up!! If you're heading along this week have your dinner with us before the show!

[1/2] Sami Zayn, Braun Strowman, Goldust, R-Truth, Curtis Axel, Dolph Ziggler, Jey Uso, Jimmy Uso, Chad Gable, Jason Jordan, Primo, Epico,

Badger Men's Tennis heads to Michigan this weekend to play the Spartans and the Wolverines  

#rp from fantasiahaircare We're excited that today is Friday! Cheers to the weekend!   … 

#Bey just continuously stuntin' on your relationship goals... #themostinterestingmanonradio 

Trump’s trust is a sham, he can withdraw money from it anytime without disclosure. Why we need to see his tax returns, esp. 2017 next year.

#cam4 #webcam luton #beautiful athletic #pussy hand -->  

i'm sorry i keep bringing it up but i just loooove dancing so much the atmosphere took my breath away it all felt so magical and surreal

I love EXO I love EXO I love EXO I love EXO I love EXO I love EXO I love EXO I love EXO I love EXO I love EXO I love EXO #5YearswithEXO   

NigerDeltaEnt: THIS IS ANOTHER OPPORTUNITY TO SUCCEED! IT DEPENDS ON YOU! Opportunity For You To Expand Your Chari… 

Uber is about to fire back in the legal drama that’s gripped Silicon Valley (GOOG, GOOGL) 

One think I dislike about the Barber shop is that there are a bunch of retarded men talkin about retro or shoes. STOP IT! #kids #priorities

A decent set of mates with regular plans that don't involve Denton maccies swing my way pls  ‍ ‍

Learned how to shoot an arrow and use Photoshop, play dominoes as well as worked on vocabulary… 

I remember once I wrote story ideas on my hand and someone asked what they were, and I was like umm *pulls sleeve to cover hand*

there's an old video in her youtube channel of her singing about having a crush on a girl so i guess that confirms… 

My boyfriend sends me the sweetest messages all the time and my first reaction is "What the fuck???"

[The Big Lead] Milwaukee Brewers Obviously Need Better Working Conditions, Hourly Wages  #Brewers

Apart from Chibok girls, Boko Haram abducted 501 school kids - Report -  

n i rolled 2 nat 20's. i think i accidentally used up all my luck outside of the game n only nat 1's from now on

#BJD to launch state-wide stir from Apr 10 protesting reduction in Kerosene quota by Centre; to demand supply of required non-PDS kerosene

He fought a 40 yr old Anderson Silva on two days notice. Prime Silva would've killed him 

black men fight alongside their non-black exxotical queens against the white man, is really the black male wet dream, so again not surprised

my sleeping schedule is extremely messed up and i've been trying not to pass out in every class today, minus 1st period. i was out. #nosleep

You know how small Lebanon is, Hezbollah were cornered. Had there not been so much pressure on Israel they would ha… 

You may be not-so-secretly exploring a variety of strategies t... More for Aries 

"why are you breaking my kayak!!!" well idk, u just pepper sprayed a fucking bear for no reason so he broke ur shit… 

Which #PremierLeague clubs boast the most local boys? #PremierLeague  

These ambulances under PMNatHealthProg in different parts of federal capital are ready to rush to the aid of citiz… …

[SB Nation: Big Cat Country] - Allen Hurns shows off new uniforms in photo shoot, but they’re not a combo for this… 

 Turkey's Erdogan says Turks in Europe should defy 'grandchildren of Nazism' 

GOAL! El Porvenir are beating Justo Jose de Urquiza. Money to be made in Argentina! 

Come to #Leeds huge demo for #NHS today Sat. 11.30 Art Gallery. 3 bands n more. 

My company is launching this week. Blessed to have the opportunities that have been presented to me and lead me to this point

I fucking hate myself what's wrong wit me why do I say this 13 times a day

Hey Everyone , Watch our Latest Prank by The Bakchod | Chetan Gadkari - Annoying Random Couple With new HoneyMoon... 

Tommy Robinson gets questioned about his association with Britain First and the BNP and nazis.Asks for cameras to be turned off and jogs away. ‍

Britos will miss two games after his dismissal last night - here's WM's reaction on that + Prodl injury  #WatfordFC

Shoutout to UW Residence Life for this photo from before their walk to Sakuma Viewpoint, along with two of their re… 

Busty BBW Latina Gets Fucked Hardcore 

Some amazing #interiors work done in #pen by our student! . . . . . . . . #UnoLonaAcademy #art… 

#Giuseppe Zanotti Women's Open Back Applique Pump Nero 37 (US Women's 7) M  

  YASSS It's time for a great show Lindee Link:Baby I    

Google says it has reduced fake Google Maps listings by 70% since 2015  #searchengineland

Two coeds fucking holes with strapon 

Breakfast Smoothie!!! Waistless Vanilla Shake with fruit and GREEN w/NV! #waistless #weightloss… 

Fixing the Pay Gap Starts With Your Salary Negotiation Skills #socialMedia#entrepreneur 

speaking of disappearances. can blackpink fucking comeback

Marten Morris was robbed if you ask me. HERO is a phenomenal album. She deserved to win something. #CMAs

Amazon BANS sales of 'fully-loaded' Kodi boxes and other pirate media players  

Fucking crazy to think that a lot of musicians truly never die

Hate to be that bitch that says "I was born in the wrong generation" but fr I don't belong in this time

Trump's son-in-law, Kushner, flies into Iraq with top U.S. general  

Let us help to show you how good your body can feel and how vibrant you can be! Call Fulchers Therapeutic Massage... 

Find, connect, flirt and hookup with local singles! Just go here  

Megadeth Rust in Peace Group Signed Autographed Ebony Fender Strat Electric Guitar Pickguard Loa by.. 

New can be scary, but who's to say it doesn't lead to something better? Comfort zones are often confinement zones. 

I wanna be fucked ! Push,don't be shy  

#News 'Cash Me Outside' Girl Hits The Studio With Eminem Producers  

There is nothing more therapeutic than driving around blasting music and rocking out. Sorry to everyone who witnessed it tho  ️

"20 Signs Of Romance That Prove You Are Special To Him, Even If He Doesn't Say It Loud! 

"it's just fiction" doesn't work when your kinks are fucking offensive

Yesterday, the UN observed World Autism Awarness Day. Persons with autism have the equal right to make their own d… 

Trying to find a link for the GrandNational on phone in a Cyprus hospital not easy damn you kidney infection come on Cause of Causes

Strong T-Storm Over Ridgeville or Near Darien Moving NE At 50 MPH. Strong Winds 45 to 55 MPH. Expect Minor Damage... 

You're known for your resilience, and you're apt to put it to ... More for Capricorn 

#NowPlaying Rufus featuring Chaka Khan - Tell Me Something Good :: Tune In:  

Grandma on Q1hourly para but she removed her BP cuff and SPO2 probe. I want to put it back but she is snoring awayyyy!  

"The truth is like poetry, and everyone fucking hates poetry."

N Carlsbad: Chansey  57.8% (12/8/6 - Zen Headbutt/Dazzling Gleam - s:normal) til 08:10:33(28m 21s). 

My ninjas if ya haven't seen Interstellar with Matthew McConaughey, fucking watch it don't even be smacked cause you'll be lost probably.

#Cryptopocalypse : Defence Export Controls Office due to the listing of Cryptology as a "Dual Use" Technology 

Wish my brain would just let me fucking sleep       

Nice to get some positive feedback on it...I hope it is popular...should be fun. For those who haven't seen it yet… 

Did you know that the 2017 Subaru Outback was named one of US News and World Report's Best Cars for Families?… 

Home stretch for Trumps Supreme Court nominee could forever alter the Senate 

Eden Hazard to Real Madrid? Would the Chelsea man be a good fit  #happeningnow

If you like our friendship avoid this! #BoardKings   

Beautiful varieties of Tulips in the walled Garden. Simply stunning. #Springblooms 

It was a stupid fucking article. 

Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. - Hellen Keller #Agile #Leadership #quote

Montenegro is hugely underrated - Eastern Europe on a budget: bargains from Poland to Montenegro 

#tyra banks nude pussy girls fucking in school 

Thats what skyrim is about you fucking dolts 

See a roundup of the best launches, exhibitions, and installations from Milan Design Week 2017, going on now. 

Account Manager, Middlesex, £22k-24k, Call Centre and Customer Service  #jobs

Telling someone you love them means nothing if you don't show them. Action speaks louder than words!

It takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo... More for Leo 

#FCBayern Coach Carlo Ancelotti calls #Juventus’ Paulo Dybala “a great player” but denies he could join.… 

It's been so long long day ain't pop it up #T_F_B (damn feeling good to be in da building) #its_ya_boy_gatkouthyai — feeling blessed

328 The Walking Dead -Season 7 SO7 Zombie Blood Hot TV Series 21"x14" Poster  

Took a couple of babies in to be re- Potted, they need new soil pretty badly and I don't have room to do it at home 

As expected not change from Czech central bank. EUR/CZK floor still in place.  

I'm doing venmo transfers until about 7pm ( 3 hours ) if i don't answer dms, don't worry i will then!

but! psa! obviously don't date someone if you're only craving another's attention and not actually loving them wholeheartedly

Myth: Warm Up can Increase Vertical Jump! True or False? #nba See at :  

i am old enough to remember the rumors of Hammer being 50 yrs old back in the 80s was a real discussion on YO MTV R… 

Janie Fricke - He's A Heartache (Lookin For A Place To Happen)  #GreatestCountryMusic #KSSL

Scientists Detect Atmosphere Around Earth-Like Planet For First Time…  

Never underestimate my procrastination skills: I just wrote an entire CS program in order to avoid an English paper and calc test

LUXENDARY HARRY POTTER INSPIRED ALWAYS DESIGN CHROME SERIES CASE FOR IPHONE 7 PLUS  

The Syrian army finna pull up in the United States like #AmericaIsOverParty 

Good start for a 2 week time period of working on the new squad.... #PS4share 

Jelly Belly Bean Boozled with Spinner Wheel Game 4th Edition, 3.5 Ounce by Jelly Belly 

NWT New Coach Handbag Mercer Satchel Bag Grain Leather Purse 37167  

Tortured in a Concentration Camp in the U.S.A.!! Adelanto Detention Facility,Adelanto, California! 

Schoolgirl with tied arms fucking mistress pussy with mouths 

hate when bitches say "ion need nobody " but be mad when nobody check on you , well shawty you don't need me so   ‍.

Open a Bet365 Account Today and Claim a £200 Bonus BET HERE > #Betting #FreeBet… 

Fun fact: it's a documentary made up of actual video clips from the atomic era which after its release were reclassified by the government

i'm ready to be a dad but i don't want the actual responsibility of having my own child. where the single moms at?

Nemanja Vidic because he's fucking aggressive 

With this application of Twitter you can see who visits you  #WhoVisitProfile

literally all I wanna do is get in bed but laundry takes for fucking ever

Here is an article I published. I would like you all to please read it and leave a brief comment. I'm curious... 

God has really blessed me with patience.   I know so many people that would FOLD if they did half the shit i do. #FrFr

Found a Transponder Snail! Luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death.  

Blatter The Most Selfish Person I Have Seen In My Life – Platini  

It's baseball season and a lot of us root for different teams. So just remember #GoCardinals and the rest of you suck  

Cool down. SFO WhereItAllStarted #AlwaysJaDineSanFrancisco #JaDine #JamesReid #NadineLustre (c)… 

Fucking stoked for FX on Tuesday but not the marks/possible wounds we might get from the simulation rounds?

#steam #giftcard #free Get a Free Steam Gift card today - 

Reasons why I love my nephew number 347 - he can hear a horn in the Kop and thinks it's a duck!   #trfc #swa

MARRANT Genuine Leather bag Men Bags Fashion Male ... USD 73.00 ➤  

Slipcover Print Couch Slim Cover Non Slip Dining Room Sofa Dustproof Decoration  

feedingjoy: 45678910ab #MissionSaved - "We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned so as to have the life that is waiting for…

#ytl C-can i have exo members on my timeline? Especially chanyeol hyung and jongin hyung, im a big fan of them >///< [sehun]

the the intentionally lying and deception behind all my friends back? im sure this happened before i just didn't stop it because

Although your feelings are complicated, you don't have to spea... More for Scorpio 

We have a bunch of hypocrites in the gov. Criticizing D5 for having an affair. Knowing their D30 has a bunch and HS Alvarez has tons

Hell ya just got paid...but for only one week. Which will leave me with $20 after I pay my car. Fuck yes I love working so much.

Five Things to Know About Royal Caribbean International's Grandeur of the Seas Cruise Ship  

And then what is this? Why do I have to parse this page of crap for useful information? I just feel lost and overwh… 

#3Novices : INSIGHT - Terror threats transform China's Uighur heartland into security state  Three times a day, ala…

contingency,,,brexit Q C COST 20K PER DAY , u want brains u gotta pay , we keep going 

Briscoe was gone pretty much the second this season started. I wish him the best of luck and I hope everyone else does too.

“I lead and I teach. If we win basketball games from doing that, then that's great, but I lead and teach. Those... 

You build someone regardless what they have you don't put them down you help them grow you don't leave them behind you drag them ahead   

Brad vs. the Book: Gonzaga about to write another chapter in…   

[Derek Kane] Data Science - Part I - Sustaining Predictive Analytics Capabilities 

PELICAN GRAND BEACH RESORT Reduced Rates and Kids Stay Free! Booking Window: 4/6/2017 - 5/7/2017 Travel Window:... 

too much hype for shea and aja pre-premier ep.. i'm rooting for other queens after watching hahaha but sasha remained

I wanna take this moment and appreciate my husband that means more then life it's self . I never knew what love... 

ABC Members to U.S. Senate: Stop Historic, Partisan Supreme Court Filibuster 

04-06 #ChelseaHandler stands by her comments on her new Netflix doc series regarding #ChelseaHandler 

Our Kid's Outreach Camp is underway and it's our prayer that they would experience God in a #BIG way this week!… 

I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 329 #GameInsight #ParadiseIsland2

Our weekly blog is published every Sunday evening. Read the latest one here:  

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Making Good Men Better ∴ #freemason #squareandcompasses design for #brothers.   

Please RT if you like!! #architecture #design #architects #interiordesign Green Kitchen Cabinets… 

Move over Buzzword of yesteryear "disruption"... Blockchain is the new kid on the block!  

So: 'wag magpanic, hindi ito precursor ng "The Big One," though it doesn't take away that MM might be soon due for it. Exercise caution!

"Pepsi Pulls Ad Accused of Trivializing Black Lives Matter" by DANIEL VICTOR via NYT  

Why do people put an x for anything with chris or crys in the word Seems pretty stupid and unnecessary

I wonder what John Wall's thinking about on the bench right now. He looks to be VERY deep in thought. #ThingsWallPonders #Wizards

I wanna be fucked ! I'm there-  

Malusi Mr Bling Gigaba a finance Minister really, he is going to buy himself expensive suits and his wife bouquets of flowers now and then

"China Tech Investment Flying Under the Radar, Pentagon Warns" by PAUL MOZUR and JANE PERLEZ via NYT  #Business

WorldBackupDay has come and gone but 58 percent of small businesses are not still not prepared for data loss if... 

As provocative as Chuck Palahniuk or Irvine Welsh? Decide for yourself, for free. #AmReading 

That's my biggest worry.. I'm not sure of the problem not to talk of answers 

I hate when I ft ppl on accident  , ion want a bitch thinking I'm calling them  .

me: my phone was off for 5 hours and I had one snapchat my sister: phone off for 5 hours also, had 28 snapchats

Which is to say, your CSS classes should be unambiguous, documented, easy to learn, easy to use, it can stop working.

#nowplaying y Modern Player Jaguar Dirty Demo | Fender Fender 2012-01-20 11:12:42 Modern Player Jaguar played through a Fende #これ聴いてるんだからねっ

Although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin... More for Capricorn 

Bryan Price anticipates Raisel Iglesias will be ready for Opening Day. Says he's scheduled to pitch an inning tonight or tomorrow.

telling Lebanese that they're not allowed to have an opinion on Syria is idiotic considering they're involved

Flight Deal New York (Newark) (EWR) - Abu Dhabi (AUH) USD 587 Round Trip with KLM  

It's Alec's turn to tell you 4 DAYS LEFT until we release our new music video for "See Where We… 

Sermon Outline Sunday, April 2, 2017 The Upper Room – John 13-20 7. The Lord’s Prayer – John 17 I. “Glorify... 

THE ONLY REPUBLICAN I SEE BEING AN ADULT IS JOHN MCCAIN. MITCH YOU MEAN OLD BIRD, START THINKING ABOUT WHAT IS GOOD FOR THE PEOPLE NOT YOU

Or when your project is so LIT the lecturer asks, "Where are you fire escapes? Where are the collection points?!"

Marvel Legends STAR-LORD Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Action Figure Toy More  

486:521 Thou coward, art thou bragging to the stars, Telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars, #AMNDBots

 Someone help me troll this cunt on twitch Shaenata is his user, he's playing Mass effect Andromeda, fucking pleb …

Jim criticisms of the EU have some merit but he's capitulated completely and uncritically to weak UK arguments. Dis… 

Warnings but no action preceded deadly flood in Colombia  

"Yesterday is but today's memory, tomorrow is today's dream." - Kahlil Gibran TOMIHO ForLondonBarrioFiesta

St. Peter’s Basilica is beautiful both inside and out! See the façade of St. Peter’s!  

DATING ISNT AN ACHIEVEMENT I HATE THESE DUMBASSES MAKING ARTICLES ABOUT HARRYS ACHIEVEMENT AND IT FEATURES ALL THE… 

Wow! I just entered for a chance to win "Metal Deep Bass Earphone, Kasonic Universal Housi..." by Kasonic.  #giveaway

9 College Students Reveal The Craziest Thing That Ever Happened In Their Fraternity Or Sorority. 

#LeakyGut can cause an overgrowth of yeast or bacteria in the bowel, a poor diet and the overuse of antibiotics.

very, honestly i probably would save my money and not go if i could go back in time 

Two IDIOTS Team-Up to FIGHT "Racism" and Make it WORSE 

Forgive me father for i have sinned...i use facebook properley ie posting things trying to communicate. For it... 

#NCT album sales on Gaon: NCT DREAM: • The First - 79,383 NCT 127: • NCT #127 - 88,922 • Limitless - 106,371 I FEEL LIKE A PROUD PARENT  

I WAS DRINKING WATER WHEN I SAW THE TRACER IMAGE JAN RETWEETED AND IT ALMOST CAME OUT YM NOSE IM FUCKING SCREAMING

AlmightyHemans Yep, gotta love when someone comes out of nowhere and starts interacting with you.  Twitter

So, SYRIA. Hot topic. If you're looking for a way to connect and support those who are hurting deeply, we have a... 

March Madness: Five things we learned from Day 2 of the 2016 NCAA tournament #MarchMadness  #marchmadness

also I want everyone here to know I stood motionless and watched Crookshanks pee for 5 mins because I was afraid movement would spook him

When a bitvh call u ugly and fat but stare in yo face when u got some McDonald's up in this bitch like bitch wassup 

We've been hibernating in the studio for too long. So we're playing a couple of gigs this spring to try some material out on your crazy ass

Woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today, for ... More for Scorpio 

..A terrible fruit of electric beauty.. With glasses of tiger and armour.. A checkered shirt and sulfuric moustaches...

You can see beyond someone's negativity today and right into t... More for Sagittarius 

Busco partner para hacer tramas con muchos feels jsdfhjds. LISTA DE OTP'S:  #FreeRol

#Syria in 2017: 11-year-old boy works 12-hour days for just less than $16 a month 

◊✰ NWT BETSEY JOHNSON 2 in 1 tote Be Mine bag blush roses POUCH handbag purse  

#Automate your #content process and enable #collaboration across departments with #contentautomation:… 

Review: Father John Misty Mixes Humor, Classic Melodies on 'Pure Comedy'  

You can bury your feelings as effectively as the next person, ... More for Scorpio 

Lots of discussion on this greenspace that'll become a parking lot.  

It might feel as if others are pushing you around today, but y... More for Libra 

U.S. Lifts Human Rights Restrictions on Arms Sales to Bahrain  

Pop in your name and birthday and see for yourself ( 2017), you need for the most successful year EVER!… 

I rlly hate our friendship damn HAHAHAHHA 

$MMEG Hard to dispute its Held this range and Advanced upward~ Bea that :) imo Flex $MMEG 

If #Saudi targeting #Hudaydah port,63% of #Yemeni children will sleep hungry #EndYemenSiege 

and nothing making me happier than having one of my all time favorite books comes to life, and the show itself had an amazing cast

YESARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR LETHAL ME LIKE least I deserved that late winner after the missed pen

Your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day, and you may... More for Sagittarius 

  YASSS It's time for a great show cleanandfresh0089:COINDROP EVERY 2K  

Another thing is they should have really made more use of time-stopping dialogue and/or time-independent facial expressions/actions etc

I swear hoes be so intimidated by me  . No I won't take your nigga after all the times he tried to fwm . Be mad at that nigga ! Not me sis.

Sex party blondes taking turns in getting hardcore fucked 

this is so sad that jbl bullied him to the point where his depression continued to worsen to the point he had to qu… 

 'People think only those who have testicles can have muscles #FlipkartOffers #TISNews 

let's talk ab my struggles in trying to make tumblr let me type mingyus fucking name 

The kardashian's fucked up a lot niggas life's up  

This is the night I feel in love with you, from our first hug I knew I had to keep you. You are my forever Johnny M… 

Eevee 95.6% IV (15/13/15) with Tackle and Swift has spawned til: 07:50:06pm (53m 38s). 

#CHIvSUN when asked who is Paez? Me : Gusheshe is that Kaizer Chiefs player who will put u under pressure till u sc… 

It is health that is real wealth not the pieces of gold and silver. #health #fitness #wealth #thoughtoftheday

I hate when I'm joking and vibing with someone and they end the joke with "I'm gonna kill myself." I'm immediately like yikes

Pleasant Titted Jasmine Darksome Receivves An Awesome Explosion Of Jizz From A Cock 

RANGERS WON AT MSG AND KNOCKED THE FLYERS OUT OF THE PLAYOFFS COULD THIS DAY BE ANY BETTER I THINK NOT

Sweet dreams are made of this Who am I to disagree? I travel the world and the seven seas Everybody's looking for... 

India shut down its internet 31 times in 2016. Future of public control?  #NetizenReport… 

ISIS calls President Trump “an idiot who does not know what Syria or Iraq or Islam is”  

#DigitalTransformation requires: 1. Rigorous approach to emerging tech 2. Formal Listening Framework 3. Learn impa… 

People are just retarded tbh 

MAKE IT FUCKING HAPPEN AGAIN 

Cost himself a shot at 40, and could end up costing the team a top 3 spot. #NHLBruins 

MY FUCKING GIRLFRIEND OF 84 YEARS 

This Rebecca pregnancy storyline hasn't even started I'm already sick to death of it, fucking kill Rebecca off, stupid, pointless character!

Police in Stockholm arrested the terrorist after driving a truck into a crowd in Drottninggatan 

#GenerationsTheLegacy more like GenerationsaTheKak now. I still remember that Dineo was kidnapped in the old generations now that was Drama

Mark Zuckerberg's Workout Partner Is 16 Months Old (VIDEO) - Mark Zuckerberg hit the gym hard Friday morning wi... 

The devil went down to Kentucky looking for a soul to steal, found mitch pushing an agenda and gave up because repu… 

Hey, you know a good thing to practice? Recognising the double standards you create in your relationships.

Does director Miike have any plans to bring Blade of the Immortal to a major international festival? I wonder if the film has such a chance?

Johannesburg- London- Shanghai - fruitful comparison of development processes #AAG2017 

"I WANT THAT MULAN MCNUGGET SAUCE, MORTY! THATS MY SERIES ARC, MORTY! EVEN IF IT TAKES NINE SEASONS. I WANT THAT DIPPING SAUCE, MORTY"

CNN will doing anything to align with Hillary Clinton's theoretical policy... even if it means praising Trump!   

I'm so excited for the night, all we need's my bike and your enormous house. You said someday we might, when I'm cl… 

I'm trying to decide if this is worse than Knight of Cups for my 3rd worst movie of 2016 It's not as horrible as Gods Not Dead 2 or Hardcore

When you're talking to your 11 year old nephew and realize that he has more of a social life than you. #TeamAlwaysNap  

In a 702 interview Gwede Mantashe says the ANC had no input in the new ministerial list. Zuma's Dictatorship must be Ended #cabinetreshuffle

This is why I fucking hate living in Orlando I'm so fucking sick of this shit Finna drive to kalis rn

Doing exactly what Daft Punk didn't do lol... #NowPlaying Automaton by Jamiroquai ♫ 

You're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav... More for Aquarius 

Oh damn, GPlay or E-Frag are back together with 1 change of -NKL +shEMETA. Not much hope but cool to see. Upset gods back in the day

Cause it's from 7 years ago? Fucking unreal 

16. Taissa Farmiga   ~ underrated actress ~ gORGEOUS ~ cute and needs to be more appreciated ~ marry me pls 

my sister tried to watch split, a horror movie starring james mcavoy, but instead accidentally watched a romcom about bowling called split

Baby Zebra Attacked by Wild Dogs and Left for Dead Gets a Miraculous Second Chance 

I'm so upset that this man messed up my car but it's okay. I'm about to go get me a nice little rental    facts b

What idiot called it genealogy and not "getting your roots done"?

MATTIS AIMS AT KIM Pentagon boss: N. Korea leader must 'be stopped’  

1: "So then kendall jenner sees the handsome people protesting and decides to abandon her photoshoot" 2: "Yes, this all sounds very good"

For this I bless you most: You give much and know not that you give at all. - Khalil Gibran #give #bless

Why would anyone announce their pregnancy via text? As these responses show, it's probably not a good idea! 

#enews24ghanta Rick and Kathy Hilton Say Too Soon to Tell If Paris Will Marry New BF (VIDEO)… 

Welcome little Isabella McDowell, to your home away from home! This family has been loyal customers for many... 

Me: let me wear my doc martens again, it's raining Me, now, my heel hurting: well here I am with the hell shoes

Business and organizations do not operate in a vacuum. Their relationship to the society and environment in which th…

Shit.. Rory is in trouble at the 7th.. He has about 50ft for par after a horrible bunker shot. #themasters

Line from this #film "I don't take orders from a fucking woman!" -  

--------> We grateful 2 our boss 4 lettin us #Fuk Hot #Bitches , we #FollowBack if U love Bitches

Second Floor update: 63.96 Deg F, 34.539676666259766 % Humidity, 16.736400604248047 Lux. April 5, 2017 at 01:15PM

1 amazing follower in the last week and there will be more tomorrow. Growing with 

You're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy, ... More for Cancer 

DailySale Deal of the Day ~ 4/4 via Couponing 4 You - HOT SALE ALERT!! TODAY ONLY!! Get a new Deep ...... 

So over the past two nights I really got 2 hours and 45 minutes of sleep in total just to bomb my exam....ok  

#Law Legal Aid of North Carolina could be hurt by President Donald Trump's budget proposal 

Pikachu  (91.1% 15/13/13, Quick Attack / Discharge) until 13:16:29 (23m 6s). 

I'm listening to Since 17 by iLoveMakonnen on Spinrilla. won't send me beats no mo got dat purple,what u mean.Florida,check my shoes Gator

Fucking hate sneezing and what has set me off I have no idea    

New #PolicyDevelopment! HR 1313 would allow employers to collect identifiable #genetic data from employees  #scipol

 In message to China, India and Malaysia call for utmost respect for…… 

Devin Nunes after reading NYT piece outing his source as 2 White House staffers #SenateIntelligenceCommittee… 

Creating an Effective On-hold Message "--------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

#Trove/Livestream (lasttaco) [PC] good day to trove and play other games, give -  

When you complain about your own situation to a Volunteer, it needs to be damn good! #YouThinkThatsBad

So should I live more closer to the animals or drop everything and become a poet? 

My room is: CO2: 401ppm Pressure: 1008.55hPa Temperature: 20.41°C Humidity: 46.91% Luminosity: 12Lux 2017/04/01-17:57:25

At 12:57 AM, 12 W Brookhaven [Franklin Co, MS] NWS STORM SURVEY reports TORNADO #JAN 

Beauty Gets Fingered Then Fucked On A Chair 

Hot Topics: Proper Water Pressure for Pressure Reducing Valve  #Indonesia1Kata 

Forget unfollowers, I believe in growing. 2 new followers in the last week! Stats via 

ICYMI- #RedWings GM Ken Holland joined #PTS to discuss the ending of his team's playoff streak and their future plans: 

Starting at the beginning of the 2016-17 school year, a new policy on concussions, “Return to Learn,”  #Concussion

BRO extends time of Small Craft Advisory for Coastal waters from Baffin Bay to Port Mansfield TX out 20 NM, Coastal waters from Port Mansfi…

The first pitch of the 2017 #MLB season is only 15 minutes away when the #Rays and #Yankees play on ESPN. #OpeningDay

You don't have any friends in an organisation, not because you smell but because yr colleagues don't want to get involved in your shit fight

An alarming 18.8 million in #Yemen needs humanitarian and protection assistance #EndYemenSiege 

 In the shroud of the eternal heavenlies God's Eternal Redemptive Clock #Cheyenne #casper #Idaho #wyoming

Slutty redhead chick Florence flashes tits and gets anal fucked in the park 

"Name Of The New IPHONE Has Just Been Revealed! And Is Not What You Expected... 

Who knew solitary confinement could be so satisfying?My experience recording audiobook of my debut novel… 

Let my sadness stay with me. No point letting fellow humans meddle with it. Only God's love can change it into happiness.   #faith #Christ

♫I wanna hold on, but it hurts so bad, and I can't keep something that I never had. ♫ ♫ 

Subject tests can strengthen an application if you do well e.g. Math II and Foreign Languages. They can also increase… 

My future partner is probably texting their bae right now about how they’re gonna be together forever.

Erik Everhard seduces Senorita Nikki Sexx into fucking and inserts his rodin her ass 

I wanna meet alex!!!      but im going somewhere so im fucked

Shemale loves ass fucking and blowing her studs dick 

Angels getting used to the new LED lights at Angel Stadium -  It’s normal for batters to c.… 

Definitely extremely rare for Michigan to not make a top twelve no matter how good of a prospect. Usually just make… 

04/02/2017 11:20 PM Temperature 46.2 F, Wind 0.0 MPH ESE, Barometer 1007.6 hPa, Rain today 0.00 inches, Humidity 54.0 percent

Roland founder and TR-808 creator Ikutaro Kakehashi dies aged 87 #rip | Ars Technica UK  

A year after key conference sought to boost resettlement targets for Syrian refugees, half of the 500,000 places sought have been achieved

I wish I knew if you want me to talk to you or not. I'd really like to be able to read other people's minds. At least sometimes.

Nothing gets me more in a fucked up mood than seeing videos of people killing animals just for the fuck of it.. get out of here w/ that BS!!

Quote of the Day: "You must be the change you wish to see in the world." ~Mahatma Gandhi #YOUtharethevoice 

How 'bout this dope ass kid gettin' a sick ass cut!!! Check out TCMH episodes and live… 

Handing over the pen to God to write your story is the best thing that will ever happen to you lemme tell ya

#Cavs will go back in first place..But #LeBron can kill that "This game don't matter" ish..If he doesn't play nor put up number..C's won..

"Model Leila Thomas Divulges Her Home Workouts And Wellness Tips As She Flaunts Her Boobs In A Sexy Photo Shoot 

US strikes in Syria spook Dalal Street #Stocks #All Finance #Germany 30 Index #Europe 50 Index 

Niggas FORCE you to be in their lives just so they can make you crazy!

Did anybody not meet with #Russians? Seriously is there #Treason? Obviously deception, collusion.. #RussiaGate.… 

People are dumb af in these Jurassic Park movies! Just screaming knowing damn well not to because it attracts attention!!

Loyalty go along way long as u ride fa me u won't ever have ta question if Ima do it for you  #ILoveAllMyNiggas

There's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si... More for Capricorn 

i hate accidentally falling asleep then waking up at some random ass times

Vice Principal Mohammed denies sex allegation with student  

Download The Suffering (EPUB and PDF) PDF EPUB CLICK HERE >>  

FUCK THE GOD DAMN POLICE BITCH!!! #freejasonmoneymaker

I cringe whenever I see a picture of myself from before 2011, because my eyebrows were just so fucking horrendous

NHL scores 2017: Lightning’s charge claims spotlight as playoffs near  

As much as I want to shred Negan to pieces if Negan does not attack in the season opener, they are unwise idiots. (1/2) #TheWalkingDead

I sweat to gawd if the SD Women's Championship match is cut for this awful tripe they're trying to call music....

#Gujarat has made provision of Rs.466 cr in budget for free medicines to all patients visiting govt hospitals. 

Please help us re-build Asriel in /r/Place! Cords are 905, 975  #undertale 

#Citigroup #itigroup : Citi Tower Awarded LEED Platinum Certification by U.S. Green Building C... Read more:  $C

  Download #Jesus Track3 of #TheNovemberProjectEP by The GraceBound Crew   

I know this struggle way to fucking well 

Receiving a $10,000 windfall that won't cover our debts, can you help me figure out the best thing to do with this money? - …

Conversations with Brother bear always ends with dating crap. Haha! Miss my Okie ppl. 

#Forex: Mark Hulbert: Here’s why the SandP 500 might actually be undervalued  

I was in a cafe and an older lady said to the Greek owner 'I'm sorry for Theresa May's terrible behaviour. I hope you're not too worried' 

There's no reason for you two to hate on the people of the past because those people will side with you two when you're up against me.

A bold plan to build a statistically perfect bullpen  #sports 

#Trending Nigerian Model Demi Grace Becomes the First Woman with Locs to Appear in Pantene’s Campaign… 

$DPZ M Sci -ve We are forecasting FQ1 ’17 domestic retail sales growth well below the rough consensus estimate of 14.6% Y/Y growth

Y'all remember when everybody was tryna make the heart between they lips??   

#MLB Wire: Thames batting second in Brewers' opener - Eric Thames | MLW  

Convicted killer Emad Sleiman's parole revoked after he is shot at Auburn  #sydney 

 Cocoa This is one of our amazing clients who comes in for regular acrylic nail maintenance. The image on the... 

#Man charged after high-range drink driving twice in one night, #NSW -  #Drinkdriving 

Being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone ... More for Virgo 

Happy Birthday bb Vic   someday my mans and I will treat you out to a hella nice 5 star restaurant   but have a goo… 

i am fucking my cousins wife 

Happy birthday to the legendary Junko Takeuchi—believe it!   #ghibli #totoro #totoroshopco 

Listen to Chance The Rapper - Mixtape (feat Young Thug Lil Yatchy by HotDropsNow #np on #SoundCloud 

Hello everyone, have a great Friday! Looking forward to reading your tweets :) (Want this? It's FREE! 

Ok dunedin hit me up with your best wood suppliers. We officially have one piece left which may not last until summer.

Islamic State Says U.S. 'Being Run By An Idiot' 

TopNews: Vinod Khanna 'Responds Positively To Treatment, Is Stable': Report - NDTV 

#6: Lucky Brand Women's Sofia Skinny Jean In Lapis Lazul: Lucky Brand Women's Sofia Skinny Jean…  #Clothing #Jeans

Entering into my Happy Hours and getting ready for the weekend. #NonStop #HappyTimes #HappyLife #HappyHourByChivita 

Funko Pop Tv Breaking Bad Heisenberg Summer Exclusive 2015  

Remember The Promise Mia Khalifa Made About Donald Trump's Victory? She Kept Her Word! 

High Stakes For Trump As Boeing Battles Airbus For Billions In Iran [Infographic]: Boeing's second major…… 

Good morning, Oya Download MUSIC: Like That by Chyko ft. Quincy #LikeThatByChyko  Check Here  

It was an honor getting to lucha in Orlando at #wrestlecon for wearewrestlepro Fue un honor… 

if u like me pls tell me so i can run away from u bc u must be FUCKING INSANE

Wondering how to grow on twitter? I gained 1 follower in the past day. This is the app: 

Patrick from FOB: IF HEAVEN'S GRIEF BRINGS HELL'S REIGN Me: THEN I'LL TRADE ALL MY TOMORROWS FOR JUST ONE YESTERDAY 

Walking the path i used to take with Umi to pasir ris central, listening to Simple Plan. Walk down memory lane ah eh haha

#JohnWilliams famous <EMOJI>️ “This is what Henry Cavill looks like in Christopher Reeve's Superman suit” 

Long Beach’s Matt Sorum to rock Long Beach Grand Prix 2017 concert with all-star band 

WH pushes back after Trump aide comes under fire for tweet urging GOP primary challenge 

I bet an employer is gona see that sticker and think nope nothing reckless going on here. No Susan u idiot we both know ur partying.

TEX +1.35 total advance today 12:59 ET. Terex Corp $TEX 32.44 Stock hit a High of 32.44 and 31.14 Low with vol 

  I am excited to say that over the course of the past few days alen laid 2 more eggs x3 he will try to... 

 doing MQC reqs/getting Gordie for bf with some chill tunes! come give us a view  

Tbh I couldn't get past through the first episode of 13 reasons why, the acting bothered me way too much

the hardest thing in the world is to see someone you love be in pain and know you can't do anything to help

Don't play both sides of the fence. Either you fucking with me or you not.

sidney finger fucking tara 

Golfer Bobby Jones returns from Europe, after winning US and British Open championships. 1926. 

Nope. He should have realised his folly early enough but he clearly still thought it funny after she sent the money… 

I noticed she was leaving no chance to touch her  And he be like don't distract me  

Bareback Fucking and Breeding Tattooed Guy 

Watch lesbian movie:  Teeny fucked for a coat 

Yep! I said this earlier as well! Now, if we land Micah Parsons... watch out. 

I wanna leap when you want me to fly But darlin' I don't mean to beg #NowPlaying Floral and Fading by Pierce The Veil… 

West Ham's Diafra Sakho set to return against Arsenal as Slaven Bilic gets timely boost  #AFC

11 Innocent Kids Who Have Committed The Most Terrifying Crimes. #8 Gave Me Goosebumps 

my mum shouldn't have told me about someone saying 'I've gained weight' because now I feel fucking bad

Facebook and Twitter are the answer to exploding your #business with DAILY #LEADS  

girlfriend gets fucked on the desk 

Medical Oncology NP or PA (0407dw) in Albuquerque, NM: np, physician assistant, practitioner, nurse 

Once you let me in it imma get the switching different positions having that ass wishing that I was your nigga

I hope Torian becomes that really famous Kappa because he is SO smooth with that Kane. it's unbelievable. his line name for sure fits him

People won't change unless they're totally convinced that they've to change. External trials might be supportive but never effective enough.

Thank GOD for a President that cares about Americans and Our Country, the United States. Amen 

Latin Masseur Gets Fucked And Facialized 

"It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them."

Please knock on wood bitch   GIVING MY GIRL BAD LUCK 

Glorious spring day at The Great Tythe Barn for Natalie's wedding! I arrived to her being played a video from... 

What can I say? I made him from an egg. I know Fashion Week is over. So sue me.... Repost… 

Fucking My Wife And The Babysitter 

Dear Kroger, if I spend $213 at your establishment buying groceries..the least you can do is bag them   Sincerely, already put in my 8 hrs

From 2016: Shifting agriculture supports more forest birds than monoculture plantations in NE India… 

My name is Garfield.I am a red female. I am about 5 years old. #AdoptATX  

My room is: CO2: 401ppm Pressure: 1012.55hPa Temperature: 19.57°C Humidity: 51.10% Luminosity: 0Lux 2017/04/02-06:02:27

There's nothing that motivates me as much as seeing the sky clear up and the sun come out!… 

#MuhammadAli Muhammad Ali Shirt Men's "The Greatest" Standing Over Liston Small T shirt NWT  

JUST STOP YOUR FUCKING CRY        #sighofthetimes 

THE FUCKING HARDY BOYZ AT WRESTLEMANIA AND WON WTF!!!!

Hanging out with my fave idiots 

When you're about to shoot your shot but she gets back with her weak ass ex... 

Listen to the devotional about Stealing from a Rich God  #Bible 

i hate seeing my baby hurt   whoever tf hit my car and ran is a bitch ass fucking nigga

IFF Panama Opens with Carlos Saura’s ‘Beyond Flamenco’  

y'all know the weather getting bad tomorrow cause even Chad closed Rockin' Jump for the day and that never happens  

when I was first tryna get my girl... lmao .. I sent her this it was corny lol.. I got her now that's all that… 

Followers -4, Unfollowers - 0. I didn't know I was this awesome. Get your daily stats via 

to death. Your sword design isn't unique. I'm just trying to figure what new is being brought to make another remake worth everyone's time.

An OPC Member Sold The Gun To Me For N35,000 – Leader Of Robbery Gang Confesses  

For any civilized person this is scandalous, if true. In contrast, the uncivilized, i.e. lefties, won't be bothered 

Teenager among six charged after drugs worth £68,000 recovered in Aberdeen  

I had a dog 90's ... used to proudly prowl on my chest at 5 am. 40 pounds of chest hurt and love. 

#UPSURGE Thank you father for all the things you have done #JAH i hope and i pray that i will see your kingdom. #THANKYOUFATHERRIDDIM

Canon Rebel T3i Black 18MP Digital Camera DSLR Bundle Kit (Extras Included)  

ReadersGazette: RT RGBookWorld: #Authors Read All About It Promote your #books for FREE at … 

The boys now have a good 3 weeks off b4 their next concert, which is in Bangkok,I really hope they can get plenty of rest during that time!

Police: Miami Gardens Chili's Employee Shot To Death By Co-Worker’s Boyfriend - 

For fuck sake this is an abomination!    21st century Britain and we are hacking our animals to death. Fucking sava… 

But Rick and Daryl can't die. They're gonna stay on this show till the show is over. They better fuckin' be on this show forever...

idk why the thing yoongi does where he screams and pulls the mic away is so funny BHT IT IS IM TIRED OF HIS ANTICS

I don’t understand this/any of the ICP stuff, but the photos coming out sure are visually interesting! 

Thanks to jackjessdesign for having us featured on their blog! Wedding Questions Answered - Why Paper Extr... 

I passed the memorial today for those lost during the London attack and I couldn't help but notice the love left behi… 

Autograph sessions: I would also write "Great to meet you" on my cards if it gets me €20,- + to talk to you for a few minutes. Great deal.

03-31 Chicago Bulls lose 3rd straight game #ChicagoBulls  #ChicagoBulls 

The power was turned off during filming of The Chain Reaction goes live in Pensacola. The ceiling fan does Not stop spinning. 

Netflix is taking away Bob's Burgers I'm gonna fucking cry

ref architexture-siftings Hon Wong Architecture Portfolio  

Federer continues fine form, beats Nadal again to claim his 3rd Miami open title  

Found a Transponder Snail! The Stunning Scientific Navy Unit at Headquarters!  #TreCru 

Otter pushing for federal aid, mum on key legislation #idahoonthenet,#idahobuisnessnews  

Ridgewood Mom Continues Late Husband's Pest Control Work - Ridgewood Daily Voice: Ridgewood Daily Voice Ridgewood… 

Grassyknoll - BEX ALERT - Pro-ISIS Group Draws Up ‘Kill List’ Of US Targets, Threatens Trump 

Saina Nehwal out of Malaysia Open Super Series after losing to fourth seed Akane Yamaguchi 21-19, 13-21, 15-21 in the first round

Luke Bryan becomes first artist to earn six Country Airplay #1s from a single album: "…  

Jealous ugly hoe she mad cause he dident kiss her    she'd pass out seeing what I do with my girl 

#BREAKING: At 10:30 last night a 24 year old woman died in a car crash on Route 727 near Bluestone Vineyard in Rockingham County.

ICYMI: Parenting Roundabout Speed Round: What Do You Always Buy When You Go Grocery Shopping? 

I just went from tryna find a prom date to tryna find a bomb shelter real quick 

19 tweeps followed (thank you!) and 25 unfollowed (goodbye!) me in the past week. Thank you 

I done got 2 whole different phones and they still don't ring so I've deduced it's because nobody calls them.   sai… 

Me? Attached to her??? Not in a fucking million years.

Girl with dunce hat gets fucked by her teachers 

Senator accuses Putin of undermining US election  #NBC15 

IM FUCKING SAYING SMHH UNGRATEFUL ASS NIGGAS. 

If you are coming to Lollapalooza Chile today, be sure to use #MetAtLollaCL for a...  by… 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

#Ascendant / #MediumCoeli for Milano, I for now (19h28m02s UT): 00°33'49.1'' #Scorpio (AC) / 08°08'53.8'' #Leo (MC)

So yeah while I wait to see my daughter and do not want to be alone,I will come to the HAUNT and watch people!!

Ines fucked Extasi with vibrator on the beach 

I wanna be fucked ! Click,don't be shy-  

Will Syria strikes break up the Trump, Putin bromance?  #cnn 

Texas manager Bannister is just embarrassing himself by arguing a rule that every manager should know. What a joke.#MLB

Brown Pelican Ocean Beach Florida Art Photograph picture print nature wildlife  

Good morning everyone. Here's a little bit of what I got up to in March   I hope you all have a wonderful... 

Same theme. Free throw disparity 15 to 3 in 1st half. Rockets outscoring #Warriors by 10 from the FT line.

I know people say "don't move out at 18" but I honestly can't fucking wait to move out.

Board Chair: We have to start taking those cost-cutting measures, otherwise the institution must cut programming. #TheLWord

don't b w sum1 who makes u question ur worth or importance just eat a lot of baby spinach and get ur skin right

Wedding Dress from David's Bridal princess style with beads size 10 *used  

Good thought, borne out by God being described as having "unlimited patience." 

You may lose your sense of purpose, only to uncover a more mea... More for Sagittarius 

Ready for things to heat up? Spring will be here before you know it. Are you prepared?? 221B Tactical is YOUR... 

Alonso “And we faced qualifying thinking of fighting Sauber for the final places. In the end, 13th is the divine present.” #F1

Chancellor Philip Hammond wants to sell British #fintech to #India post-#Brexit  #finance… 

Witty Smitty News - Talks Upcoming Ground Zero, Dunsh and Drops NEW  #NowPlaying #ListenLive

Judge rules to allow 1st Title IX claim against Baylor - and negligence claims against frm Coach Art Briles and frm AD Ian McCaw - to proceed

Sick ass shoulder superset guaranteed to have your shits on… 

Im legitimately pissed. Just saw a video of someone being murdered. No type of warning on the video. Thats fucked up.

WHY CANT THESE PEOPLE STICK TO ONE FUCKING PLAN AND WHY DONT PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THE CONCEPT OF TIME

Say ya sick bitch? Give a fuck hoe, cause you coughing but ain't coughing up no doe

yellow frame bumper case clear side cover with metal buttons for iphone 4s 4 4th  

#MLB Wire: Tigers power up, Astros pitching cruising: MLB Tuesday scores, results, news,…  

I got a BC arts council grant and I work in a call centre and volunteer doing LGBT-posi sex ed for youth! That's my life okay bye.

Tonight tune into a Jam Packed EPISODE 50 Of TCW BREAKAWAY! It's Been a Long ride So Far! <EMOJI>️  Be there !!

ask writer/agent/publisher for copies of publishing agreement(s) - which rights went to publisher and which (film?) r… 

It's nearly impossible to see the downside of a plan today. In... More for Sagittarius 

When a nigga say: Him: "Let me come see you" Me: "For whatttttttt"    Him: "I just wanna chill with you" Me: "Now why you lying"  

It's really annoying when people walk up and tell me what a beautiful pit Klaus is. He's not a pit   

Damn $TSLA options crazy flow 

Democrats are now suggesting that competency in government is a bad thing? While working to use government to contr… 

“Please! dont tell anybode my name”: I received this email from a Geller Report reader in… 

I know the game I should teach it , cause these nigga hate for Mfn reason   ‍ !

#Nuclear Option Filibuster abuse set to haunt #Democrats under #Trump Presidency 

I have 1 new followers from Saudi Arabia last week. See  

There are some bloody north indians assholes throwing thrashing haphazardly in Raja Sear #Madikeri #Coorg

#Baby #Clothes BOY NIKE SWEATSUITS ~ 6-9pc ~ 0-3 months ~ 3-6mo ~ 6-9mo ~ 9-12mo ~ $195 retail… 

Hope your Friday will be as awesome as I plan mine! #positivethoughts #Fridayfeeling #VacayGoals #ShotLeft 

just say you wanna be fake woke and fucking go 

And then there are naegi and junko who are kinda like pure good and pure evil but they're the only ones

You could work with such a passionate intent today that you in... More for Pisces 

I wanna be fucked ! I learn here  

#FrenchExchange is underway! The boys, at College Sainte Anne, received their ID badges for their international... 

May God bless you and keep you in this time of Lent. Pray for your enemies, expect epiphanies. 

Them : go out your way , do a bunch of shh for us , even tho we don't care bout u and never appreciate u... Me : no Them : why not....

#SignOfTheTimes " Ohh, good mornin"   aww I've missed ya Harry, it's been a while since we heard this much from you!

luminescence. (n) light produced by chemical, electrical, or physiological means. #EXOrDIUMinSG 

Do you know the difference between the Yellow and the Purple and how it could affect your #training provision? 

Commit to memory in order to pilot alias bring to fruition thy aspirations on fit la the compleat life preserver:… 

Help celebrate the history of the Faculty of Health Professions by contributing to our 200 Achievements project.… 

#projectmanagement 8000 Project management templates and documents  

If this team completely catches us off-guard and goes Cam Robinson, would you's still call it #NewMiami then? NO!!! he's Jonathan Martin 2.0

We're also playing with Swim Team (great) and Fly Ball (also great), and I heard a preview of the new Shrouded Amps tape, and it's killer.

1) Teen pregnancy rates in the black community are two times those of the white community.  

Goodnight I love bts more than anything I hope theyre happyandhealthy. I hope you're taking care of yourself bc youre super important n rad! 

The Cover magazine April Edition with Kemi Adetiba. Visit  accelerate_tv,… 

Ugh my wife's karate teacher left a "kettle bell" in the back of her car and I can't lift it out to make room for the groceries I just bought 

Hi ho hi ho it's an editing I go. Let's see how much destruction I can do today! #amediting #wordbutcher #amwriting 

*clears throat* NOCT AND REGIS LOVED EACH OTHER VERY MUCH AND WOULD HAVE DONE ANYTHING IF THEY COULD HAVE SAVED THE OTHER

kassie: is Tennessee it's own state? me: yes? wdym? kassie: i always thought it was like Tennessee, KY

Please sponsor my nephew, who is raising money for a very worthy cause today       

Neil Degrasse Tyson says "Shaq Should Not Work for NASA" + Talks Religion  

Good morning everyone i hope your week is going as planned so fare if not hang in there tomorrow is Friday

#WilsonSeaLions #heroesin307 have a visitor today to further our knowledge of the Civil War. Thank you, Ranger Mich… 

Starting to scratch the skin off my neck while I wait for Pemberton to release the lineup... 

I'm not gonna get my parcels if the delivery people can't get over the fucking bridge!!! #priorities

drake dropped something that wasn't fucking trash ass views

#freshlypressed981 If meningitis comes to your door step, Senator Dino Melaye suggests we look it in the face and say "Ajé kú ìyá lo jẹ́"

Every chick wanna be Beyonce but don't want a ugly nigga  

THIS IS REAL LIFE FOR SO MANY PEOPLE EVERYWHERE!! PLEASE BE ACTIVE IN KNOWING ABOUT WHAT IS GOING ON IN THE WORLD N… 

Aly e Dani cantando Chained To The Rhythm da Katy Perry     #vipdirecto #GHVip 

Citizens and security are too important to be used as bargaining chips | Letters   HERE   … 

lock the door so your parents won't come in its fucking time 

How does one even quantify what 'good looking' is? It's subjective. Not to mention a totally worthless point of view and/or discussion.

Stay ready so you don't have to get ready!!!! Work hard all off-season so you can ball out in the fall…

Thx for proving my point Better keep your on #DonTheCon #TrumpRussia #SyriaStrikes Lots of ya buds jumping off Trum… 

ISIS: US 'being run by an idiot' 

why is nobody wearing any protective headwear in this fucking snow? #riverdale

wemon and girls getting fucked 

Exactly so why are we given the short end of the stick when it comes to female characters? Why make us chose? I wan… 

Missing Oscar he's bad as hell but he's my shitty kitty!!!!

“Everything great and intelligent is in the minority” ― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 

It's such a beautiful day out I feel good about my test I have enough sense to recognize Mary Sue is a sexist term life is good

She walked of like a G though. He got his pants dirty for a damn video smh 

Ronald McDonalds must give out £10k to the employee who gives out the least amount of sauces each month! Need to be a shoplifter to get 2

ima get horror movie serial killer portraits all over my body so anthony gonna have 2 deal w/ being scared but also turned on when we fuck

drawing realism is painful af bc i draw ppl rlly...Stylized as in boy i cant escape the damn anime

The other night Cheree started a sentence saying "Tell me what you thought about" and I just started singing Best of Me by Starting Line.

The Monster Scifi Show Podcast - The Return of Sherlock  

Chienne Nasty Gets Fucked By Two Hard Cocks 

If I ever need a Lawyer, I want Steve Ott as my Lawyer. #CallOutNews #Montreal #Quebec #Habsnation

Before the hook can even play half way, the DJ is already over to the next song 

Whitney Houston I Will Always Love You Karaoke Version  

It's 2016 is it honestly that hard to allow people their rights as human beings??? 

Funny part is Cules are Convinced, "Ramos is rated for his defending because he score lots of Goals."     

[Burnaby] Typhlosion (M) (IV: 51%) until 11:06:14AM at 5091 Dover St  

reorganizing my kitchen bc it's giving me a fucking headache:)

the one thing i hate about working at uss is tHE DAMN SHUTTLE BUS TO WORK

#KansasCityChiefs #GoChiefs #Chiefs Andy Reid criticizes Travis Kelce for reality show, likes him 'as a footba.. 

Is the anus a sexual organ? If yes, then why doesnand#039;t it provide its own natural lubrication? An #health 

Why go to a show if you're going to talk shit about them? And why risk almost hitting other fans that didn't do an… 

My wrist is supposed to be healed. Why does it fucking hurt

#Job: #Claims Clerk - Polokwane Limpopo. Claims Clerk 2 years commercial experience req needs you exams Insurance… 

So if a game peaks my interest I will prepare for it. I will try and make it fun for everyone. And by that I mean cutting out my swearing!

  YASSS It's time for a great show mcl vamp k:hello all  

I feel so fucking filthy now 

Screen Rant - Posts | Daredevil 's coming out of the shadows in...  

I rather be home wif bae dan be in d club and one random fat bubbly ass be grinding me to oblivion!!!

I'm not sure why y'all are worried about next year. We are going to be DANGEROUS once again lol... #BBN we are goin… 

In November of 2016 I took a client of mine to see a home in South Pasadena that was priced at $2.3 Million... 

I don't even know why I do go out like... was the drunkest person ever and now I'm dead, send help xoxo

Didn't even know what to do today because my son was in Nanakuli all day with his other family..Let's just say it was a boring day w|out him

if men refuse to bring Justice continue to allow murderer to live GOD HOLY SPIRIT Will Judge For HIS Children To Live In Peace Desroys Hate

He's also smart so I know he's consciously choosing to be disrespectful, he know exactly what he's doing

- I hate when I call somebody and they txt me like " my phone bouta die txt me , "   Umm NO BITCH CHARGE IT SO I CAN TALK TO YOU TF !!!!

"In the future everyone will be famous for fifteen people" #MOMUS #feministbotnet 

SOCCER: Eibar 3, Villarreal 2, 2nd Half - 90' - RUWTbot added 111 roots (Close Finish) 

i just want someone to just be truly happy over me. happy to see me. happy to hear from me. happy to know me.

Structural Study on the Reaction Mechanism of a Free Serine Kinase Involved in Cysteine Biosynthesis. 

My ears hurt I've been blasting music so loud so constantly for literal days just to drown out thought. Can't make myself care about damage.

Niggas be so mad they I'm not fw them no more   gtfo loser

JERRY STACKHOUSE Authentic Autograph Hand Signed 8x10 Photo UNC TARHEEL NBA Holo  

One inner voice tells you to do it while another voice yells s... More for Aries 

Found a Transponder Snail! A behind-the-scenes look at Galley-La Shipyard!  #TreCru 

What Trump’s Supreme Court Pick Said About Women In The Workplace Will Make You Sick - 

Benik Afobe, Jack Wilshere and Jordon Ibe set for Superstore signing session  #football #news

what the bloody hell is this ??! 

HAVENT EVEN START ON THE FUCKING SCRIPT FFS OVERLOAD WITH ASSIGNMENTS BERABIS

Is WWE's Paige pregnant? Sex tape scandal star drops hint with cryptic Twitter post  

Just overheard this punchable statement at the Chattanooga Film Fest: "THE BABADOOK is a garbage movie for garbage people." Fuck off, pleb.

How Trump's Administration May Get Caught Up In Complicated Entanglements  #Politics #Trump #USA

When to Toss Tax Records   You can throw away most supporting tax records after three year…

Except his body guards... Never take a walk wth Pres' Holland in the dark, without his guards. 

i need this fucking outfit 

$NVDA big drop on PC desktop GPU decel concerns. PacCrest channel chks may well be accurate but $4.5b mkt cap loss says just reason to sell.

FAO - News Article: IRRI and FAO step up joint efforts to globally bolster sustainable rice production 

I hate auto correct sometimes like damn I know what I be saying chill out.

Every time you come in contact with someone, you have the opportunity to make their day better or worse …make it better.

Watch Oklahoma City Thunder star Victor Oladipo deliver his smooth rendition of R. Kelly's "I Believe I Can Fly"… 

Horny College Girl Rubs Her Pussy And Gets Fucked 

That's it! Zuma sold RSA to the wolves a long time ago together with InganeZoma. Now he's slowly but surely killin… 

Muirlands: Larvitar  80.0% (7/15/14 - Bite/Stomp - s:small) til 01:20:16(18m 15s). 

Why? Why do this? What does this accomplish other than cementing his image as a cartoon villain? #savetheparrots...… 

Someone wants to chat with me? ! Push,don't be shy  

Its funny how for 2 weeks everyone wouldnt shut up about that girl lifting her shirt but no one ever speaks of victoria's topless photo+

I could of sworn this Nigga already started baking the chicken   I'm pissed

Fuck yo problems it's to late to tell me sorry!!!!!

#ff: WrestleMania 33: The Hardy Boyz return and win Raw Tag Team Championships; full match recaps and ratings (ESP… 

What olgjaisosoq I'll fucking kill myself 

A Wind Advisory is in effect for 12 counties in West TN until 10pm. 40 mph wind gusts are possible. #tnwx #WBBJ 

Dr. Werleman and her assistant (sorry I forget her name) were great with my daughter Camryn. Camryn gets very... 

7 Leadership Lessons From the CEO of a Multi-Billion Dollar Company  

Yesterday: 2-2, -0.05 units Let's have a big one today! NBA has been red hot   L3: 11-2, +14.36u L7: 17-8, +14.04u L14: 30-18, +19.63u

Found a Transponder Snail! A whale of an encounter! "We'll meet here again!"  #TreCru 

Guidance: Skills Funding Agency: common funding rules  

the wonderful thing about my life is I don't exist for you anymore, I don't exist to piss you off, I don't think of you with any move I make

vanilla ice should have let me kick iggy. he knows i fucking hate dogs

This is what city's galleries and museums have in store forus this Easter half term. 

Forgotten Realms - The Legacy - Legacy of the Drow Ser Bk 1 R A Salvatore1993,PB  

My room is: CO2: 486ppm Pressure: 1013.03hPa Temperature: 20.51°C Humidity: 54.23% Luminosity: 0Lux 2017/03/31-02:37:24

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

A patients family brought in a bunch of baked goodies for the CPU crew and I'm pretty sure I have the diabetes now.

_Kemi Olunloyo's arrest: I should have arrested all Pastors that defamed me during my bestiality saga -Cossy 

How I Use Slack to Communicate Effectively  #productivity #software 

 II imagined heaven as being situated on white puffy clouds in the sky. Didn't you? 

Outcome: panicky bureaucrats tell "investas" to follow written rules, business grinds to a halt because neither kno… 

Even though he's poking the big Russian Bear, I think Trump was right. Assad has been gassing civilians for years and it's time it stopped!

rome is so cool nobody speaks the same language and u can run out into oncoming traffic and nobody hits u!!

HR Manager : Part Time Are you an experienced HR professional? Are looking to take on a new challenge? I...

#Pa Ban live pigeon shoots! Suffering pain from buckshot, some fall from the sky with broken wings and backs. VILE 

Like and share this pure awesomeness! #bakery #gourmet  

Of course poky is excluded. The "Ghetto" school in Pocatello.. this is messed 

-"If NCU wins you can snap all my cigarettes" Me-"And if they lose?" -"You have to smoke a blunt with me" DEAL    

There's an inherent instability in the atmosphere today, but y... More for Gemini 

one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

Android update makes Google’s Pixel C look more like its Pixel smartphones  

Nate Johnson shined bright 1 last time. Longtime basketball coach in town has stepped down after one season as girls coach at Independence.

everyone is at Dave and Busters and i'm home alone sad playing Wishers Lose Copper Dreamers Lose Everything

#hurtpeoplehurtpeople that's why he fucked my life up... I c

stupid bitch fight me   — who is this, come off anon lets go bitch    

Cannot wait until our Bodega Akutain Wine Dinner on 28th April! Come along to taste gorgeous Riojas matched with Sp… 

Ivey Ranch / Rancho Del Oro: Larvitar  44.4% (10/9/1 - Rock Smash/Crunch - s:large) til 19:02:46(28m 32s). 

What is the rationale behind these strikes in #Syria ? More destruction, suffering, killing, and a risk of an extended conflict. #madness

Cook who worked 60+ hours a week at Upper East Side Italian eatery didn't get overtime pay for six years, suit says… 

Kentucky joins Louisiana in adding police to hate-crime protected group list 

Xenophobia: Nigeria protests over attacks of citizens in S/Africa  #Nigeria 

wlebsjsnejeen. huffs. slaps 4 years into my age. i'm. i'm a 97 liner now! !!11!! listen. shakes… 

Two bound babes fucked and viced in bed 

If you want to be a stud later, you have to be a pud now. - Christopher Sommer #fitness #fitfam #quote

White House disputes claims that Trump aide's tweet calling for GOP lawmaker's defeat violated federal ethics law… 

Ceramic #Love Keepsake Box by GrapeVineCeramicsGft  #LiveLaughLove #GiftBox #LoveisintheAir 

NIG GOVT SPONSORED ANTI-AMNESTY REPORT PROTEST: A DESPERATE ATTEMPT TO COVER ATROCITIES COMMITTED AGAINST BIAFRANS.

You are acutely aware of your commitments today, but you're no... More for Sagittarius 

߷ #Music #NewsHappy Birthday Quavo: Hear All the Migos Member's Solo Features  Via: Billboard

Sometimes coffee doesn't help me at all and sometimes I can literally feel it bring me to life with every sip

Inside Zaha Hadid Architects’ under-construction One Thousand Museum in Miami. Completion in 2018.… 

Something else in GitS, but emblematic of a larger thing in some Sci-Fi movies; why do people design future tech to be so impractical?

Lol, I like how church folk don't 'agree' or 'like' the other lit things we say about church that don't fit with... 

I meet this little guy today when I shot his family's photos! Last time I saw his family, he was still in his... 

Chanyeol watched as the two talk so calmly in front of him. "Baekhyun, wash the pool after you finish sweeping the front! I need my bath."

If you have the space, adding a mudroom to your home can be extremely useful. Having a "drop zone" where you can... 

You can bury your feelings as effectively as the next person, ... More for Scorpio 

It saddenes my soul to find out the news my grandfather has passed away this evening of lung cancer ...if u would like to donate ask me how

RULE NUMBER ONE: IF IM COOKING, DONT TELL ME HOW TO COOK MY FUCKING FOOD.

the killing of Americans already begun facts American woman stabbed to death in Paris suburb: police 

 - match command-line arguments to their help text  #dev

real shit these nigga was real!! These niggas was G'd up especially Devante, this movie gonna lit lol iaeno Swing was slapping niggas up

Calhoun Sportswear USA American Flag Mens Swim Boardshorts Trunks Sz Large, NWT | eBay  

I just received some texts that I should have gotten during the National Championship and boy was that a rush to read

If these women couldn't use the words, truth -or- own it, anymore. These fights would stop. Can we tweet the. Some new comebacks. #rhobh

stop making fucking memes about war and death to get some retweets

If you feel awkward wearing something around your grandfather, you should probably cover your tits and ass  

Wow, immediately gets top gig? Do they think people watch football to LISTEN to Tony Romo??! 

you ever tell someone your plans and you've kept your mouth shut until now and all of a sudden they get canceled or ruined? BRUJERÍA MIJO

I have a homemade pumpkin pie filling in the freezer. If med school doesn't work out imma just be a trophy wife

Stearns Hydroprene Infant Life Jacket -  - #Uncategorized 

Team beachbody - shaun t answers_ why can't i lose weight_ - connect_ message boards what is menopausal syndrome Hang in there ...

Due to how late it is and how long it has taken me to setup the Stream, I feel it will be best to go live tomorrow! 7:00pm EST, be there  

And just like that it was Saturday! Cupcakes in bed for breakfast and cuddles all round before… 

Interracial lesbo fucking her gf 

Hotwife looking for hung: Lake Geneva, Wisconsin //meelp.com/profile/sexyhotwife_m86 Echo:Kevin not very long ago… 

Just tried to make myself cookies AND I FUCKING BURNT THEM! WHYYYYY

I've watched the Justice League trailer like a million times now, can't fucking wait for November 

I can date a guy with a 6 punch big forehead as long as he has a killer smile. A smile is important guys!

Do you wonder who is director of Admin Shed Productions Limited?  #ADMIN #SHED #PRODUCTIONS #LUCY

Fight anyone that tells you there's nothing wrong with being fat. And help your body and bones and lose weight, seriously.

LIFT UP CHILDREN: My alma mater, The Ohio State University, will be offering Summer Camps for STEM (Science,... 

We are literally talking bout masturbation and sex all night I hate these fuckers

Christians gon b mad when they die and they gotta suck Jesus dick to get into heaven

My Personal Reading Challenge: Books I've Read This Year - Updated for March #books #reading… 

Photograph by our student Aarjav Jain This image was done as part of a mock commercial assignment for second of a …… 

Saw this today "Jacob fucked this country up so badly ... they had to legalise weed ... just to help us cope"     

Inspirational quote hand painted wall art #craftbuzz #flockbn #atsocialmedia #eshopsuk  

#NowPlaying on Tabernacle Radio Chicago: Institutional Church of God in Christ - One More Day 

Pouring cold piss over the brexshit chips.... 

The most often recited sura is the first sura of Quran as it is repeated in daily prayers #ep3_MandS 

"First launch of a reused rocket" or "Elon Musk successfully tests flight systems of his new Ironman suit"?  

Lookin for God cause the Devil after me, but why would he acknowledge me if I haven't givin him the time of day till now that I need him

Highly skills Training and Studying lead to Successful and lead to you has most Deadly an Good at… 

Babylon the Great is the world’s collective body of false religions that God rejects. Revelation 14:8; 17:5; 18:21  #

Players MUST allow IEBC to execute its mandate per LAW otherwise be guilty to killing free, fair and credible election #RailaPlanningChaos

I am LIVID !! Many in service to thiscountry died 4us. This 'man' Flynn is running away from what he deserves. No bargains, face what u did

#Nigeria #news - RE: Dangote Refinery, PTI To Partner On Human Capital Development In Oil, Gas Sector 

i will do arenas one day. well at least thats my goal. i am so thankful for everything i have. ive never been this happy.  

Yall go look at the Breakfast Club on YouTube, why French Montana trying explain himself lmfao. I'm dead.

Enter Your Mobile Number Now to Start Playing Flappy Bird Game and Get a Chance To Win $50.  

#iheartawards This should interest you for the Event. More to Win here  

For what though? So I can go home and sit in my fucking head. UGH

The #Self, forms the #substratum of mortals, which, with the combination of all inputs, creates ego, who thinks and feels. #Meditate to find

Green is the color of my envy It's the color of fame So I'm gonna write it down to scream it out And I'm never gonna be the same again

Celebration at The Walk JBR Happy Birthday Juvy! Wishing you health, love, wealth, happiness… 

Anecdote of the day: golden tailor-made #Harvia #sauna door hinges for a special spa customer. #anotherdayatoffice 

Just fucking screamed at my tv!!!!!!! YESSSSSSSSSS #Wrestlemania

I'm extremely hesitant to actually interact with anybody on this website Just In Case I Fuck Up so stuff like this is super anxietytown

Wow I dreamed with an interchange project where ppl from Europe come to Brazil to study Japanese w/ us LOL

I don't hate nobody even niggas that tried to fuck me over. Thank you for helping me grow  

Going to see about 2 potential new jobs on Friday   wish me luck everybody, I'm going to need it haha #equestrianhour

Five Ways Cybersecurity Will Suffer If Congress Repeals the FCC Privacy Rules  

3 ways to grow your subscriber list from 0 - 100 in 24 hours or less  #contentmarketing

Victoria Vivians' journey from Forest to Final Four | The Clarion-Ledger |  #msstate

【My cutie devil】 #mycutiedevil 【iOS】 【Android】 

FICO reduces loan application time to under 60 seconds #fintech  

Anyone else forget that school exists throughout the day and then shocked when you hit that school zone?

Sometimes I just stop and laugh at people who still think the 100 is a teenie bopper show if you watch it back it's unrecognisable from s1

Really? Sending people to life imprisonment for Killing Cow. Destroying livelihood of thousands of Muslims progress? 

Susan Rice denies claim that Obama spied on Trump associates #D4  

Your life is a study of extremes today. On one hand, you're in... More for Virgo 

Top photo story: MARTIN IGLESIAS SL on Twitter: "26,27y 28 Mayo Sevilla capital…  see more 

aly and i don't see eye to eye on many things but being giant sweet baby rose stans is certainly one of them

Please like and share! Thank you in advance    #northportrealtor #greenlionrealty #swfloridalifestyle 

Marcia D. needs "Removalist with a truck marrickville to leichhardt"  #airtasker

ME:A thoughts #5: 1st contact with alien race. Can I use the flirt option? Of course. Just gonna call my next char James T Ryder.

THE HANNAH BAKER ACCOUNT GOT ME FUCKED UP 

ur the worst type of person if u do this shit 

Looking for a fun way to donate to #OperationSmile ? Charity Comic Auction for Signed #North #1 by Scott Sawyer 

not to be that cynical ass but weren't they both looking at namjoon 

Though you might be gone And the world may not know Still I see you celestial IDK KNOW BOUT U BUT THIS SONG'S   … 

I won at Seoul stage with 150 points! Challenge me now![ #Bowling_King 

I literally have a gallon of orange juice in my lap and everyone is driving like an ass today. Fuck with me.

You love the idea of running around today, whether you're doin... More for Aquarius 

#HertsHour looking for a company that can print images / text onto DVD's and DVD cases - any suggtions please? (not mass production)  

#SSIS developers, please help me learn more about how you are deploying SSIS: 

You're looking forward to taking a break from the serious side... More for Aquarius 

What a feeling, what a feeling remix, what a feeling acoustic the list goes on 

Wind 31.6 km/h ENE. Barometer 1025.6 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 27.0 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 30%

Wind 13.5 mph WNW. Barometer 1027.81 mb, Steady. Temperature 9.5 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 66%

I have a love-hate relationship with my job. I love the animals and knowing they're going to get… 

Why are so many news organisations trying to defame youtubers recently? Like WSJ and all the others, you're irrelevant, fuck off

Even though some parts of 13RW is far off from the book, CHADA RA GIHAPON MAYGAD NETFLIX ILY SUCH BEAUT

If you lay down with assholes you get up covered in Donald Trumps bullshit   

You are acutely aware of your commitments today, but you're no... More for Sagittarius 

I didn't answer 6 questions on my practical and the whole test was 50 questions so each one is 2 points so I already have an 88 wtf

Finally did something I've wanted to do for awhile, but doubt I'll ever do again     

Then there's the disability aspect. I could rant about practicality there but hopefully you get the picture.

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Artify 15 pcs Professional Paint Bru..." by Artify Art Supplies.  #giveaway

Saw it in the theater, bought it and have watched it twice already. Great movie 

Congratulations to Lee on completing his first solo flight yesterday! Well done from all at Polar Helicopters! 

Success will not lower its standard to us. We must raise our standard to success. - John DiJulius #quote

Trump Top Adviser Steve Bannon Attends NSC Meeting One Day After Being ‘Removed’ 

 The UK'S Version of The voice in pants. THE TWERK AUDITION with Isa D'Entertainer Badmos Chief Bumba! D'Gan-Gan Gstr

 NOT JUST SUSAN RICE INVOLVED IN "UNMASKING" OF TRUMP'S OFFICIAL S BUT WHO ELSE 

Apologies for disappearing towards the end there. I had a client. Thanks for all the RT's #leamingtonhour was fun today! Enjoy the sun all  

Vote for Maxo Kream for the 2017 #XXLFreshman #10thSpot Presented by #MAGNUMcondoms 

if konohamaru was being annoying as fuck at around himawaris age she can be a ninja

[Screenshot] Found a double-headed gyarados in a stacked gym at Lotte World Mall, Seoul  #PokemonGo #PokemonGo

mitchellvii: Cannot log into the YourVoice Radio #Periscope account this morning. Anyone else having difficulties… 

pokemon cards random 11 and pick 1 (lot 1) "read description"  

I didn't realize y all these guys were honking at me while I was pumping gas. Maybe it's because my high ass is wearin white. In the rain.

Krisztina Sereny fucked by her husband 

You fucked with how I feel. What did you think would happen?

You may lose your sense of purpose, only to uncover a more mea... More for Sagittarius 

Hoes put on a front for twitter we know you miserable   hoe   

Store QSR Clerk: Panama City, FL - excellence are stocked. Understand emergency (employee… 

New post (Wenger confident Arsenal can still claim top-four finish) has been published on New Telegraph Newspapers… 

Busty Girl With Collar And High Heels Masturbating Sucking Her Mistress Toes Fucked With Toes In The 

how imma sleep tonight knowin i just spent £50 on a vinyl n CD i ain't ever heard and more shit i ain't ever seen 

I don't jump down ppls throats every time someone says "crazy" or w/e but when the joke is literally just "haha mental illness"? Fuck you.

Berck sur Mer: Hundreds of thousands of tourists are admiring the giant kites, all shapes, sizes and colours, (Kite festival until 9th April).

When your boss tells u don't believe anything a specific person says and u Google him and he has stolen 23mil from ppl....

lifted, matte black, pano tinted windows, and embossed double spoke rims SHEEEESH    

This is in an actual book being sold at my school's book fair. The lies being spread to innocent children...SMH 

2 Syn Chicken and Black Bean Tortillas    Will keep you nice and toasty   any night of the week   FULL RECIPE -… 

Was eating alone in a public park and this guy came over to ask me to move so he and his gf could fuck nearby w/o feeling weird abt it. Sooo

Introducing Semantics3’s DIAL-A-UPC — The World’s First Barcode Telephone Directory Service 

When many people can't even adequately afford healthcare, I question why anyone would have tried this move 

My mom irks my fucking soul but I wouldn't trade her for the world

I can see real similarities between our #cat and Dory. I need to go inside/wow that blade of grass looks interesting/I need to go inside

$DOLV - close = .0335, now .045 on the bid $INVU - close = .045, now .06 on the bid $GBSN - close = .007, now .007 on the bid 2/3 not bad

Never met the bitch but I fucked her like I missed her

Bush: 'it's hard to unify the country when the news media is so split up. Remember when the news media mattered a lot more'

Fellaini go stick your head in a fucking meat grinder

the greatest opening line is "i guess you had no idea that you could've persuaded me, girl you could have had me doing anything you pleased"

Well, ultimate legends drop on the weekends. So if I can use 3 dollars for food the whole week, I'm good. 

A quick and easy way to stabilize your mood swings is to relen... More for Cancer 

#How to detect a webview from a native browser view on the server side? #Tech #News #HowTo 

lmao is it weird that i love watching Brandon sleep ? idk why i just love staring at him period ...    

eBay: Ladies Womens Slogan Printed Cap Sleeve Round Neck Tee T-Shirt PJ…  #tshirts #fashion… 

INEGI is the statistics dept, never accurate, always manipulated, and looks like it will continue that way. Sad!

Buyers should recognize the possible outcomes with this element of consideration. 

I beat eggs and I beat my face. You must come from a family of women that could cook but that's about all they had… 

Let my cat on the patio and she came back in. She reeks of fucking cigarette smoke. HOW MUCH ARE YOU SMOKING TO MAKE MY CAT SMELL this bad!?

SKYBET-CASINO Deposit only £10 and get play with £70 get your FREE bonus here ,new customers tandc's apply… 

And they're all retards hahahahahahaha 

NO YOU DONT FUCKING UBDERSTAND I LIVED AND BREATHED INVADER ZIM IN MIDDLE SCHOOL. IT WAS MY LIFE FUEL. GOD FUCKING DAMNIT.

We cannot let Trump get away with his $90MM hoax to end the Putins Puppet narrative.There was nothing there. Putin told Assad to move assets

just milky rocked in the idle of McDonald's with no fucks given    they lookin at my crazy but who cares   ‍

I can't live without this stuff so I put it in the tiniest mason jar I have for a travel size!… 

"Giovinazzi should replace Wehrlein for the whole season" Let's be honest, they should both be racing. Both promising. Unlike, y'know...

The Pittsburgh Micro-Meetup is go! - In preparation for Disrupt New York and our upcoming TC Sessions series o... 

Candace Cameron Bure: Feuding with Drag Queen Over Homophobic Remark?!  Via #enews24ghanta 

#ukraine girl fucking eskimo porn star 

Laser accurate and very fast #forex signals directly on your chart ==>  #forextrading #fx 

James Corden's 'Late Late Show' Travels to London for June Shows  

WORLDWIDE ALERT: Would you like to SURVIVE on into God's Kingdom? Here is how!  … 

Found a Transponder Snail! What's inside? Mystery barrel's shocking secret!!  #TreCru 

— Having daydreams to be with him everywhere he goes and u just have to capture every moment 

Although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy, somet... More for Gemini 

Completed Cognitive Lent Log "Where am I? = Where I am!" by Alan Ewing  

u know I'm fucking pissed when I ain't singin to my mf song in the car  

3 days in Washington with 4 NFL players fighting for criminal justice reform  

the FINANCIAL bogus "sys"was falling apart right now,they MUST start NEW WARS to shift blame,Zionists PIGS r laughi… 

Signature Sound Quartet - Let's Talk About Jesus...Amen  #nowplaying #listenlive

You still haven't answered the salient question. With all the success quotes you know, how come he is still richer… 

French presidential candidate Francois Fillon reacts as a man throw flour at him during a political rally in France… 

Disarming ISIS Enemies? US “Arms Control” Sanctions Are Deeply Mistaken | New Eastern Outlook 

Google's former self-driving car boss has scooped up a small round of funding for his next project (GOOG,…  #

ALM's National Law Journal, formerly a weekly tabloid, to re-launch as a monthly glossy magazine.… 

5 people followed me and 14 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

What US says and does matters. What intl comm says and does matter. Idlib chemical weapons attack is a stain on conscience of US and intl comm.

is this love? when someone call u and talking to u for hour, and after end the convrstn you feel like everythng going wrng. u feel empty.

front of her site. Though, while something came up into mind, and while she began realizing something, her image didn't suit this setting+

I took my new baby rat to class with me and some girl had the nerve to say "that's gross" ....it's a baby animal..

Call a foul when it isn't a fucking foul then you'll get a play by play. In that play by play, show me the foul. That's how it works.

Never forget that Drake said "she drinking and driving an eighteen-wheeler over my emotions... and I'll allow it"

Dont insult someone until you have walked a mile in his shoes, because then you will have his shoes and be a mile away.

Jimmy Lane is giving away more cash tomorrow! Congratulations to Louise and Courtney who beat the buzzer today to... 

AJ Applegate Loves Getting Face Fucked HD Porn 

Found a Transponder Snail! Execution! Is this the Straw Hats' final moment?!  #TreCru 

Wow. What a day it's been. "Drop Mic" #inspire2 #visitlondon #dronesascending… 

#Collectible #Buzz NWT Mens $80 San Francisco #Giants Majestic Black Embroidered Replica #Jersey XL… 

Have you ever experienced a peer review process you loved? If so, tell me about it. What were the key components? What made it great?

New analysis: CBO’s 2017 Long-Term Budget Outlook

Ohh this was a great day.. still best death bowling ever I have seen in this final.dhoni,kholi,yuvi.shocking..sanga… 

PCO is here with great educational resources on organic food and farming. Come see us 

Those Gears devs think I'm stupid. Bitch please. Gears 4 was 50% off 1 month after launch. Halo 5 was terrible but… 

Rules for life : Never Give Up Never Regret Your Decisions Try Your Best Forgive Just live life and Be happy     

Open yours eyes. But don't just see art, feel it. Take in all the emotion, it's real too. #Open #Your #Eyes… 

When you put a piano compilation on youtube to work to, but the songs are just piano versions of Metallica and No Doubt...

He ordered a box of pineapple pizza before Jack hung up. "It has been done!" 

Affordable Prom Makeup look!  #prom #prommakeup #prom2017 #youtube 

Although your intuition is functioning at a very high level to... More for Taurus 

Mmmmkay so one of the deli guys at MacTaggarts just said "Have a good day Jamila".. and I have never told him my name.........

Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.

The concern is that unless more of the North East buy into supporting Dons a bit more regularly,find it difficult to see us sustaining this.

I agree with jbl maybe one day people won't see race or gender or sexual orientation maybe one day we will all just be humans #WWEHallOfFame

Need a shot of inspiration? A young inventor just found a way to responsibly reuse styrofoam. #bigidea #mondayboost 

Good morning Swines and Wenches , have a fab #MondayMotivation or as Kimmy says #MasturbationMonday from me your… 

God, how I want to feel the #cock inside yourself ! Click,don't be shy-  

Your success is tied to someone else's dreams while the Sun's ... More for Pisces 

Im trying to keep the mindset of if its not gonna matter in 5 years then it shouldnt cross your mind or bother you for more than 5 minutes

Eyes, dark grey lenses frightened of the sun We would have a fine time living in the night 

Getting fucked understall in Columbus 

#hezbollah #breakingnews #news Hezbollah forces raid suspected drug warehouses in south Beirut 

Breaking: White House Nabs Spygate’s ‘Top Official’ – Obama Can’t Believe They CAUGHT Her! 

Locals learn the latest on high-speed rail LA-to-Anaheim section #Anaheim #bhive 

Excited that Neil Gorsuch will now be confirmed as a Supreme Court Justice. I just can't believe the Senate went nuclear on this though.

Islamic State says U.S. 'being run by an idiot'  THE WINNER IS #45

You're probably already set with plans for the summ... — i thought about this way back in november and tbh i... 

170328 #TIFFANY #티파니 one for now... the rest to be updated...!!    by #Cieloinmyk_ via… 

And then you get the movies that release the trailer to the actual trailer...like cmon bro a trailer to a trailer?! Lol  

 Pi hacked advance wars 2 into Fire Emblem 7, I repeat he fucking hacked advance wars into Fire Emblem. The madman!

The transition from are kid liking my music compared to his music was like.. This is wank It's alright *tweets drake and migos lyrics*

Thinking of doing Dramatic Weight Loss for the whole months of April and May... I just hate the jitters that come... 

About to be thoroughly entertained by stories of these retarded fat prom houses #letthegamesbegin

My creamer dreams just came true, with one touch, goodbye Starbucks, hello to tasty latte #CreamerNation #sponsored 

Wind 15.5 mph NW. Barometer 1029.9 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 9.7 °C. Rain today 1.4 mm. Humidity 88%

Sony Is Planning To Scrap The Kapil Sharma Show, Might Offer Sunil Grover His Own Show! 

Army Men: Soldiers of Misfortune (Wii, 2008) - BRAND NEW FACTORY SEALED - NICE  

Just finished watching Prison School (dub because I like the VAs they chose)and it was so funny, really enjoyed it! 

I am now more in love with Pentatonix and their music than i ever was before! Ahhhh!!! This song will be the death of me!

By:  Priya Rai busty indian babe oiled up and fucked ha 

Frank Miller: Comics often represent His conservative Political views #movie #trivia  #frankmiller

I love getting in on the latest trends! My latest purchase Olymics Jumpsuit is amazing! 

 #milfhere more free video clips here ~>>>  more free video clips… 

Man what a fucking tag team title match. 5* #NXTTakeOver

Jackpot! Las Vegas Raiders Shake Down Tax Payers For $750 Million Stadium #tech   $v #ℑnnovate 

♫ #NowPlaying “Let Me Love You (ft. Shaggy)” by DJ Rebel and Mohombi on #Anghami 

YALL I LITERALLY CANNOT GO ON HORIKOSHI FUCKING MURDERED ME IN COLD BLOOD TODAY ISNMY DEATH DAY 

Mildmay Novices Chase 8/1 Might Bite to win with Paddy Power TandC's  

 THE FUCK IS THIS BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!

Alcohol + no company is the worst shit you could ever do to yourself  

 Walk up broad day go in Anigga shit for youHappy Birthday to my baby Soldier,Realist 3 year old I know We love… 

Wolf’s Eye View: Sophomore Service Day Enlightens In a Different Way  

such a nice feelin to know ur lost camera w all yr undeveloped photos of u and yr friends is probably in some gross hipsters hands :')))

Kansas City’s entrepreneurial ecosystem is growing fast. Learn the latest in this year’s #WeCreateKC report:… 

 Find a quiet place, sit down, close your eyes and release a large breath  #yoga #yogagram #yogahigh #yogalife… 

Got me in the kitchen cooking burgers in my draws While my brother got the trap jams playing and rolling up a blunt   

17 things for anyone who fucking loves pizza  

You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi... More for Gemini 

I still find myself turning into a bumbling idiot when I talk to her  

I've had a few people ask what effects I use to create Lil' Dva's voice... Uhhh... none. I'm seriously. That's all me. No modulation.

Justin got TWO FUCKING TAPES and yall still ship him with my girl Jessica 

10am: Light Freezing Rain, -0.4, NE 42, WC:-8. Mon 3: Periods of rain or freezing rain, Hi:1, Lo:-1, Dew:-1.0. 

You gotta be fucking kidding me 

Fuck thats so sick i NEED THIS 

Dow-Dupont Mega-Merger Moving Forward In the EU, Raising Food Security Concerns - Beyond Pesticides (press release… 

They were only using facial expression and we all know who was the rapist. That was acting beyond acting. #BigLittleLies

lmaoooo and now shes doing a gofundme for her honeymoon i want to donate $6.66 bc shes super religious and it would be a bad omen for her

The reason people have No room for wisdom iz because they are so full of judgment. #ALDUB90thWeeksary

My pick for the #ncaafinalfour for at least the last decade. Now #Gonzaga is there!! #DreamsDoComeTrue

sometimes he's nothing to say after long work day or just tired and has no energy ,we should not be harsh with him. 

Your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day, and you may... More for Sagittarius 

Kylie Cosmetics via Instagram: “boss lady wearing Maliboo Matte Lip today  ” 

Thinking that I'm two faced breaks my fucking heart 3.

When #sowing or #harvesting certain plants, pick a day specific to the moon's sidereal cycle… 

Make it easier on yourself and simplify the home selling process!  

#juicy #vibrators fucked #murfreesboro perpignan #bangbros massivecock 

#360WiseNews : J. Crew's Parting With Once-Prized Top Merchant Echoes Retail's Woes 

My job laid off 600 people at hospital. I am scared hours decreased. I am ultrasound tech. Hard to ~… 

Tattooed Punk Chick Gets Fucked Outdoors 

AJEnglish: Egypt's alternative facts   

milf sisters fucking their sons 

Since I got to the desert I've stopped drinking and you'd be surprised how much better your body feels within just a few days  

he is the worst person ever nominated hands down period. how do you sleep at night? may you rot in the hell of your… 

Please remember the 50/50 draw concludes this Friday. Please make sure your child has returned their tickets, hopefully sold!

Johanna Konta adds confidence to game to lay groundwork for ranking rise | Kevin Mitchell  #theguardian

1 Houston News Search Businesses (Dog sniffs out hefty load of drugs at border) Houston News and Search - 

hate when niggas want my undivided attention like i have a son bitch   

I have the front door open w no lights on. She comes in and I saw we open at 4. She gets upset and says "well the door was open."

Uh oh! These sleuths couldn't crack the final code... #escaperoom #regularpantz 

A simple mood change could turn your day upside down, pulling ... More for Cancer 

The best gift for dear Mom, use IMMZVGPN to save 15% for all jewelry in our store:  #giveaway

friends ? fuck a friend i need a nigga thats gonna be my only friend     rl deleted all my contacts (not family) got 2 real female friends 

You're so fucking Hollywood. What a joke you have become.

NO ONE WILL FUCKING MISS YOU IF YOU LEAVE. 

Me after cutting fake ass ppl from my life 

When threatened with deportation, it's suddenly working perfectly.   #insanity #Day27… 

You do know black ppl don't all look the same. There's plenty whose phenotype isn't dark skin and nappy hair. 

Our firm gives this advice for any type of accident. Give no recorded statement to ANY insurance company, before co… 

Hmm, maybe because all the comments they are making in the song are real fucking problems that need addressing. 

1938M Philippines 20 Centavos Silver Flashy Coin ** FREE U.S. SHIPPING **  #ebay #coins #money

Old like AARP gold-card old. He’s always getting on me about going out and doing something “active #BrokeDiaryWimpyKid

#adult #porns -->  <-- BLACKED Kendra Sunderland Interracial Obsession Part 2 

Appaz using reflections is a gr8 way to check out girls Altho they usually get creeped out wen I put the old antique mirror in front of them

"Someone just tweeted a microscope... only way to see his nudes" HAHA he was so butt hurt! Whoever tweeted that...… 

My twitter, my drama, my feelings, not your fucking business ..

guys i'm at a school play and one of my friends looks so hot but he's a boy and also gay this is. a crisis

Boxing legend Ricky Hatton spends night out with Playboy model Carla Howe  

random dude in the cafe asked if he could charge his phone via my laptop. "srsly?" I asked. he insisted In terms of security we're fucked  

3 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

I fucking hate trump, I swear if he start a war and I have to be drafted I'll cry seriously man

shawn mendes is a fucking legend 

So Fucked Up Bout That Haitian Like How Could you do this to me ??????    

is anybody on this tl still into hq and wants a zine and a bunch of prints bc theyre rotting in my room and need a better home

y'all... just had a convo w duckwrth in person about him being in my lookbook.... i'm really fucking screaming inside u guys dnt understand

#NowPlaying Immediately by Showers GospeLIVE 365 - The Best Caribbean American Gospel Radio. Listen Live Dial 605-4… 

Anyone,even foreigners, deeply involved in higher echelons russian energy sector (gazprom, rosneft and subsidiaries… 

Volunteers Want To Buy Runaway St. Louis Cows (VIDEO)  

11 People Share The Exact Moment They Realized They Were Born Into A Criminal Family. 

It's a very thin line between this music n personal life but my personal life inspires my music!… 

Take Chelsea ugly ass with u 

Aaron Cresswell (West Ham United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.  #HULWHU

Bitch you are ugly inside, out. Everything about you is ugly

veronica loves being fucked 

Brazzers - April Fools, I fucked your mom 

Apple iPad Mini 2 Retina Wi-Fi + Cellular (ATandT) A1490 MF066LL/A 16GB - Black  

GOD.... This idiot though. 

Dennis Rodman complained about LeBron James resting. Steve Kerr had some thoughts on that. 

If there, they were patently illegal. If dispersed . . . tough. If you don't play with shit, you won't smell like… 

Here at Peters Chevrolet we specialize in Elite looks for any vehicle you might want. It's the… 

Use Reconciliation to Really "Drain the Swamp": Larry Kudlow, Investor's Business Daily… 

Survivors Welcome A Decision To Make A Domestic Abuser Tell Police If He Gets A New Girlfriend 

Growing and engaging with the right tweeps - gained 32 new followers in the past week, courtesy 

Wellington gets a makeover for Ghost in the Shell filming with Scarlett Johansson…  #GhostintheShell

"That was decades ago, Cecil! Anyway, we want to know what we can do to keep your business." #KevinBot

i dont know why i decided it was a good idea to watch 13 Reasons, i hate my sisters for letting me watch it after them

one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by 

it just...fell apart just like that. maybe we arent good for each other or we turn our heads away from the person infront of us.

#Finance Trump's North Korea Options: Place Nukes In South Korea Or Kill Kim Jong-Un -> davidjcc_zgz ->… 

it hasn't even been a hundred days since trump has been in office and now we possibly about to go into a war

Sneak peak at Nachshon Women's Sedar.. Drum circle soon to happen- thank you Remo for the drums!    Cantor... 

why is the 36 st station always so fucking cold ???????

Artwork by Gary Dotterer in the "Undercover" Show, opening reception April 1st, 5:30-8:30 pm. 

Giver or receiver of anal then? — yes let me anal someone with my fucking clit why th... 

You may finally decide to show your hand today. Although you w... More for Taurus 

can't sleep? take two nyquils. bad mood? take two nyquils. boyfriend pissing you off? two nyquils and an advil bored? meth

LOOK at these fucking sneakers. LOOK AT THEM 

So friggin devistated... justice and I were on an about 60 day snap streak AND WE RUINED IT! 

I think President Trump should work with anyone who will help to #MAGA - Just get it done. 

ALL THESE FANCAMS OF JONGUP IS FUCKING ME UP ASSDGHKKHGGJL   

It's an all-too-familiar lesson for you Archers: more of a goo... More for Sagittarius 

#unpresidented #unfit #footinmouth know not abt his job, much less abt our refugee processing, what a refugee is or… 

idc what yall say, but pitbull had the fucking bangers

74-year-old man confesses 'out of the blue' to 1993 killing  

It's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu... More for Aquarius 

2.0m Abstract Modern Art Canvas New Handmade Bedroom Study Mural Painting  

I'm just gonna mask the pain I feel right now knowing the country I live in is bombing and attacking the country I'm from with seokmin pics.

lularoe leggings TC black background tulips floral htf unicorn  

i can't go anywhere or do anything bc everything reminds me of you i fucking hate you

Seated for #GhostInTheShell take 2. Judge me. I fucking dare you

Tracking strong and at times borderline severe storms. Storm threat continues well past 12:00 damaging wind possible 

Valerie Bertinelli Doesn’t Worry About Her Weight Fluctuating: ‘Food Is Love for Me’  

You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop. - Rumi #quote 

2016 Phoenix Jerome Bettis SILVER Refractor Steelers!!!  #Pittsburgh #Steelers #Football

Injured in Mosul, ISIS offered to kill this four-year-old girl  

Signs that say you have either arrived in The Village, or are living in a Sanctuary City. 

6 Ways To Make Money As A #MusicProducer  #beats #beatmakers 

Revenge Fuck  Make him hold the cam #BBBH daddy plows ripe #ass #twink husband watching nasty #sex show

Silly humans in 2013 United States bombed Syria for similar actions. Guess who the president was? But I'm not... 

Twitter Inc on Thursday filed a federal lawsuit to block an order by the U.S. government demanding that it reveal... 

We're looking for song critics! Apply If you have love + knowledge of multiple music genres! #PaidGig #JobOpp… 

Working on an all-day project that has me trekking all over the city today. It's been so nice to… 

Me: I'm a hardworking, patient person! Me when given a task with more than 3 steps: 

There are lots of things to do around the house and you can't ... More for Pisces 

fuck yall its 6am on march 31st and yall starting already. i dont believe shit for the next 2 days. idc if u tell m… 

Waterloo Region awaits 2021 Canada Summer Games decision #werally2021  

I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "Extreme Balance Makeover: Better So..." by Kim Jacobs (Autho....  #giveaway

to look at the bigger picture and see what this stupid and impulsive action done by our president means for us, what happens next?

If your from Cleveland Ohio and call your self a sports fan. Your DIE HARD. Cavs Indians and Browns . Ain't no other way around it.

Who the fuck would say no to that ring?!?! Mercy! #WrestleMania

Sowon: i want to eat children Gfriend: ??????? Sowon: chicken* damn auto cucumber Sowon: for dUCKS SAKE Sowon: nvm i give up #gfriend

That moment you can't find key to switch battery on #fitbit   ‍  I won't get credit for any progress today  

Goo News Questions, answers about the legal immunity process - Washington Post: Washington… 

Combat with US 'one step away', Russian prime minister says  

Everything You Need to Know about Working with Felt - tips and tricks from Shiny... #AmazingTips… 

Advertise FREE In: Income Opps / Network Marketing Visit  Be Found Now. #WorkFromHome

Who writes this kind of BS?....Linda Abbott and millions like her who aren't afraid to identify as racists. WTF!andWOW! 

Dear Islam, please stop killing people to show the world how much you hate us. We already know because the Koran tells us. #SaintPetersburg

i asked my brother to get me some food and instead he just brought his fucking lego into my room

Exhausting is okay. It means you're in the game. You're on the way up and you're not on the way down. - Lee Rosen #quote

Final stream of the week with what could be the end of Route B for NieR: Automata! 

Your success is tied to someone else's dreams while the Sun's ... More for Pisces 

Listens to future while writing a paper: *changes font of commas from 12 to 14* 

I'm a god and can fuck you up so shut your mouth basically I wish I could spit in your face for that. Goodnight ORDINARY

Sarina Valentina strapon fucked by Katie 

The fact that i just paid $7 for a fruit cup and a coffee at school is insane

Canadian study: transition to renewables 'irreversible.' But U.S. needs to accelerate transformation 

Like I almost got out of my car and fought her and her dumbass friends that's how angry I am gonna be mad cause YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO DRIVE

Watch Live: Astronaut and Senator John Glenn's Internment Ceremony at Arlington - TIME 

have a look at this sweet holiday property in Portrush, Northern Ireland near all the popular tourist spots 

Struggling to find more time to share content that will connect with your followers? You don't have to! Use 

#RenSA17 Herron: Iconographic parody between illustrations of "bad" Irish on first 6 plates and "good" English soldiers in the second half.

Your success is tied to someone else's dreams while the Sun's ... More for Pisces 

I have five days off when drew comes home and he wants me to get my nails done just so I can give him back scratches  

Woman Allegedly Abandons Her Child By The Roadside In Delta State After Being Told By A Pastor That She Is A Snake 

Just Let's #Eat …~Lemon Chicken Piccata - A classic one-pan lemon chicken dish topped with capers and sweet and s…… 

I sure hope so. If not Rivera better not show his face in Carolina ever again. 

The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your flaws, mistakes, and weaknesses, and still thinks you're completely amazing.

Sweetie you are a dependent, and you might be broke too if your parents didn't pay all of your bills...please be seated.

Just seen that Ronaldo statue for 1st time. Looks like slightly retarded David Coulthard  

"When a flower doesn't bloom, you fix the environment in which it grows, not the flower. Choose those you surround yourself with wisely."  

Okay this shitty prank day is worth it for the #RickandMorty surprise. I want that fucking sauce!!! 

Similar to a daffodil with long thin leaves. Do you know the name of this plant? Send your answer via… 

TARGET ASSAD's home and/or known physical location every night and day - pound the SADIST ASSAD so he will not slee… 

I can't wait for the nice weather to hit so I can get back to running. This time with my big ass dogs lol.

Heavenly Father sent…Jesus Christ…so we could overcome the trials we face on this earth. Koichi Aoyagi #lds #twitterstake

That plane journey was hilarious! Literally full of drunken stags! Let the antics begin!!! Dancing on bars here i came!    

Is there a foundation that pays for longform, whimsical, investigative journalism about breakfast cereal? Asking for a friend.

I have a Bachelor's degree. My gross wages were $77000 last year. I was born in Canada. I'm employed. There are 2 people living in my house.

California Senate votes to raise gas taxes, vehicle fees by $5.2 billion a year…  #GardenCity

Now look what you started! (The folks in the car in front of us started tossing crumbs out while… 

I really want to sell my art, but i dont know if i'm good enough, if i have enough materials and resources or if people would even want it

WATCH: If This Video From Julian Assange Spreads, Democrats Will Be CRUSHED Forever 

The chance to spend a couple days in one of the greatest cities in the world? Yes, please! Join us April 27th... 

I am not going to Hawaii in Sept with my army wife because she will not allow me to wear my mini skirts there so women, I am available!

Showing Strength after 8yrs of weakness will get the attention of the world. Peace through Strength!

Union Bay Flip Flips Tribal Print Beaded Size 10 New  

Senate Intel committee will hear from 5 witnesses on Thurs., as it investigates Russian meddling in last election… 

GOAL Watford 1-0 Sunderland (59 mins). Miguel Britos nods in at the back post after the ball bounces around the box from a corner #WATSUN

Watch: Aziz Ansari reminds us why #MasterOfNone is a cinematic beauty in the Season 2 trailer 

Does #Trump Make #Regan Look like a slacker? - One reporter seems to think so 

There's no doubt in my mind that Assad dropped chemical weapons on those poor people, but we still need to avoid intervention in ALL affairs

Hoes be like .... Get caught up and then wanna be mad   

